perr pfet repression
perr coms activation
perr perr repression
perr hemb repression
perr srfac activation
perr mrga repression
perr yjbc repression
perr kata repression
perr srfaa activation
perr srfad activation
perr srfab activation
perr spx repression
perr heml repression
perr nrdf transcription_repression
perr nrde transcription_repression
perr ahpf repression
perr ahpc repression
perr nrdi transcription_repression
perr hemd repression
perr hema repression
perr fur repression
perr spx repression
perr ymab transcription_repression
perr hemc repression
perr hemx repression
spovt sspb activation
spovt ykot repression
spovt ykos repression
spovt ligd activation
spovt spoivb activation
spovt spovaf activation
spovt sspa activation
spovt ybxh repression
spovt gerkb repression
spovt sspd activation
spovt fabl repression
spovt spovaeb activation
spovt spovad activation
spovt gerkc repression
spovt yqjc repression
spovt sspe repression
spovt gdh repression
spovt spoiip repression
spovt yqjb repression
spovt glcu repression
spovt geraa repression
spovt csga repression
spovt lysa activation
spovt gpr repression
spovt spovaea activation
spovt spovab activation
spovt ykov activation
spovt tepa repression
spovt gerac repression
spovt ylzj repression
spovt spovac activation
spovt ylya activation
spovt gerab repression
spovt ytea activation
spovt gerka repression
spovt spovaa activation
sigm ugtp sigma_factor
sigm ytpa sigma_factor
sigm ynga sigma_factor
sigm mcsa sigma_factor
sigm yceh sigma_factor
sigm roda sigma_factor
sigm ugtp sigma_factor
sigm yrhh sigma_factor
sigm secdf sigma_factor
sigm bcrc sigma_factor
sigm ywzh sigma_factor
sigm yabr sigma_factor
sigm ispd sigma_factor
sigm tagu sigma_factor
sigm mrec sigma_factor
sigm sigm sigma_factor
sigm pona sigma_factor
sigm sasa sigma_factor
sigm yebc sigma_factor
sigm ylxx sigma_factor
sigm murb sigma_factor
sigm ycee sigma_factor
sigm yqjl sigma_factor
sigm ypbg sigma_factor
sigm mreb sigma_factor
sigm minc sigma_factor
sigm ispf sigma_factor
sigm yacl sigma_factor
sigm ypua sigma_factor
sigm yjbc sigma_factor
sigm pbpx sigma_factor
sigm radc sigma_factor
sigm rapd sigma_factor
sigm yabm sigma_factor
sigm mind sigma_factor
sigm tils sigma_factor
sigm mred sigma_factor
sigm yabp sigma_factor
sigm fatr sigma_factor
sigm tagt sigma_factor
sigm meta sigma_factor
sigm disa sigma_factor
sigm yraa sigma_factor
sigm efeo sigma_factor
sigm ycec sigma_factor
sigm ycgr sigma_factor
sigm yngc sigma_factor
sigm mcsb sigma_factor
sigm mrec sigma_factor
sigm ycgq sigma_factor
sigm ylxw sigma_factor
sigm ctsr sigma_factor
sigm cysk sigma_factor
sigm dltb sigma_factor
sigm recu sigma_factor
sigm mreb sigma_factor
sigm ywnj sigma_factor
sigm yhdk sigma_factor
sigm yceg sigma_factor
sigm yhdl sigma_factor
sigm dlte sigma_factor
sigm yabn sigma_factor
sigm ytpb sigma_factor
sigm coax sigma_factor
sigm efeb sigma_factor
sigm murf sigma_factor
sigm ftsh sigma_factor
sigm yfni sigma_factor
sigm yacd sigma_factor
sigm ddl sigma_factor
sigm ytpb sigma_factor
sigm coax sigma_factor
sigm yngb sigma_factor
sigm murg sigma_factor
sigm amj sigma_factor
sigm clpc sigma_factor
sigm mind sigma_factor
sigm sbp sigma_factor
sigm comn sigma_factor
sigm maf sigma_factor
sigm abh sigma_factor
sigm ycef sigma_factor
sigm ywbo sigma_factor
sigm spx sigma_factor
sigm hprt sigma_factor
sigm rada sigma_factor
sigm ypud sigma_factor
sigm yrhj sigma_factor
sigm dltd sigma_factor
sigm mred sigma_factor
sigm efeu sigma_factor
sigm dltc sigma_factor
sigm yacc sigma_factor
sigm yabq sigma_factor
sigm efeb sigma_factor
sigm divic sigma_factor
sigm divib sigma_factor
sigm yabo sigma_factor
sigm yacc sigma_factor
sigm minc sigma_factor
sigm yced sigma_factor
sigm dlta sigma_factor
sigm spx sigma_factor
comk nuca activation
comk rpsr activation
comk flgm activation
comk reca activation
comk hlpb activation
comk comea activation
comk yvie activation
comk comgg activation
comk yvrp activation
comk phrh activation
comk minc activation
comk bdbd activation
comk comfb activation
comk flgk activation
comk yvrn activation
comk mrec activation
comk thdf activation
comk flgl activation
comk comgf activation
comk mreb activation
comk comk activation
comk radc activation
comk noc activation
comk gida activation
comk kre repression
comk yvyf activation
comk yvyg activation
comk mrec activation
comk yhjb activation
comk mind activation
comk mreb activation
comk yhjc activation
comk ssba activation
comk bdbc activation
comk mred activation
comk ssbb activation
comk gidb activation
comk comeb activation
comk nin activation
comk addb activation
comk yvro activation
comk mind activation
comk sbcd activation
comk comgd activation
comk comga activation
comk comc activation
comk rpsf activation
comk comfa activation
comk fliw activation
comk comec activation
comk adda activation
comk mred activation
comk comgc activation
comk comgb activation
comk comfc activation
comk spoiiil activation
comk csra activation
comk maf activation
comk sbcc activation
comk ybdk positive_regulation
comk yyaf activation
comk comge activation
comk raph activation
comk minc activation
swraa_2 ycda activation
pchr pchr repression
pchr yvmc repression
pchr yisi activation
pchr cypx repression
pchr yvma repression
gerr cgea activation
gerr spovif activation
gerr coth activation
gerr cotb activation
gerr cotx activation
gerr coty activation
gerr cotg activation
gerr ywrj activation
gerr cotu repression
gerr cgeb activation
gerr cotz activation
adaa adab positive_regulation
adaa adaa positive_regulation
adaa alka positive_regulation
sigl rocf sigma_factor
sigl levd sigma_factor
sigl sacc sigma_factor
sigl roca sigma_factor
sigl roce sigma_factor
sigl bkdb sigma_factor
sigl rocg sigma_factor
sigl rocc sigma_factor
sigl bcd sigma_factor
sigl bkdaa sigma_factor
sigl levf sigma_factor
sigl rocd sigma_factor
sigl leve sigma_factor
sigl lpdv sigma_factor
sigl rocb sigma_factor
sigl acoa sigma_factor
sigl acol sigma_factor
sigl ptb sigma_factor
sigl acoc sigma_factor
sigl bkdab sigma_factor
sigl buk sigma_factor
sigl levg sigma_factor
sigl acob sigma_factor
murr nagz repression
murr murp repression
murr murq repression
murr ybbc repression
murr amie repression
murr murr repression
citt citm activation
citt yfln activation
ansr mlen repression
ansr mlea repression
ansr ansb repression
ansr ansa repression
ansr ansr negative_autoregulation
fbpb luta translation_inhibition
fbpb lutb translation_inhibition
fbpb lutc translation_inhibition
rok yydf repression
rok sdpc repression
rok alba repression
rok albd repression
rok yjcn repression
rok yydh repression
rok yydi repression
rok yxaj repression
rok comk repression
rok albf repression
rok yybm repression
rok yybk repression
rok sbox repression
rok yybn repression
rok yybl repression
rok suna repression
rok htpx repression
rok albe repression
rok bdbb repression
rok bdba repression
rok yxal repression
rok yybj repression
rok albc repression
rok sboa repression
rok albb repression
rok albg repression
rok yolj repression
rok rok repression
rok sdpa repression
rok yydj repression
rok sdpb repression
rok yydg repression
rok spo0e repression
rok sunt repression
yrkp yrkp activation
yrkp yrko activation
yrkp yrkq activation
yrkp yrkn activation
yrkp ykcb activation
yrkp ykcc activation
yrkp yrkr activation
yfir yfis repression
yfir yfir repression
iolq iolx repression
gere sigk repression
gere cotz activation
gere cgea activation
gere yjzb activation
gere cotx activation
gere tgl repression
gere sigkc repression
gere cged activation
gere cotw activation
gere cotsa activation
gere surc transcription_repression
gere cotp repression
gere cott repression
gere ymag activation
gere spsj activation
gere cotd activation
gere spsf activation
gere ydgb repression
gere gerpb repression
gere ysnd repression
gere gerpd repression
gere ftsy activation
gere spsa activation
gere cots activation
gere spsc activation
gere ydga repression
gere coth repression
gere ytcb repression
gere gerpc repression
gere cotx activation
gere ssca activation
gere gerpf repression
gere ylbd activation
gere gert repression
gere cotb repression
gere yfnh activation
gere yfng activation
gere cotv activation
gere cota repression
gere spsi activation
gere yhjr repression
gere ykzq activation
gere spsl activation
gere lipc activation
gere gerpa repression
gere gerpe repression
gere spsd activation
gere yfne activation
gere cotg activation
gere yeek activation
gere yurs activation
gere spse activation
gere ytcc repression
gere yppg activation
gere cgec activation
gere coty activation
gere spsk activation
gere spsb activation
gere yxee activation
gere cote repression
gere cwlh activation
gere yfnf activation
gere cotu activation
gere cotc activation
gere yisy repression
gere ylbe activation
gere ywrj repression
gere cgeb activation
gere yodu activation
gere ytxo activation
gere oxdd repression
gere cgee activation
gere sspg activation
gere cotm repression
gere cotq activation
gere spsg activation
gere yhjq repression
gere yfnd activation
gere sspg activation
gere ytca repression
tyrz tyrz sigma_factor
tyrz dtrr sigma_factor
ycbg ycbg repression
ycbg ycbj repression
ycbg ycbf repression
ycbg ycbc repression
ycbg ycbh repression
ycbg ycbe repression
ycbg ycbd repression
gntr gntk repression
gntr gntz repression
gntr gntr repression
gntr gntp repression
mtlr mtlf activation
mtlr mtld activation
mtlr mtla activation
levr sacc activation
levr levf activation
levr leve activation
levr levg activation
levr levd activation
yuxn yirb repression
resd glpk repression
resd resc activation
resd ctae activation
resd ywce repression
resd rese activation
resd yjlc repression
resd ctab activation
resd alba activation
resd albd activation
resd nasc activation
resd nasf activation
resd ykup activation
resd roxs transcriptional_activation
resd cydb activation
resd resd activation
resd nasd activation
resd albf activation
resd ykop activation
resd resa activation
resd qcra activation
resd yclk activation
resd sbox activation
resd nrdf activation
resd cyda activation
resd nrde activation
resd qcrb activation
resd cydc activation
resd nase activation
resd albe activation
resd ctag activation
resd resb activation
resd albc activation
resd sboa activation
resd nrdi activation
resd glpf repression
resd ndh repression
resd albb activation
resd nasb activation
resd albg activation
resd ctad activation
resd qcrc activation
resd ymab activation
resd ctac activation
resd yclj activation
resd ctaf activation
resd hmp activation
resd ykuo activation
resd cydd activation
resd fnr activation
resd ykun activation
resd ctaa activation
resd s477 activation
ganr gans repression
ganr gana repression
ganr ganp repression
ganr ganb repression
ganr ganr repression
ganr ganq repression
ccpn dfra activation
ccpn sr1 repression
ccpn gapb repression
ccpn thyb activation
ccpn sped repression
ccpn pcka repression
sigk yitc sigma_factor
sigk sspg sigma_factor
sigk yfhp sigma_factor
sigk ytca sigma_factor
sigk cotsa sigma_factor
sigk yobw sigma_factor
sigk yhjq sigma_factor
sigk surc sigma_factor
sigk ydgb sigma_factor
sigk dapa sigma_factor
sigk cotz sigma_factor
sigk spovfb sigma_factor
sigk yjzb sigma_factor
sigk cotx sigma_factor
sigk yitb sigma_factor
sigk tgl sigma_factor
sigk gerpb sigma_factor
sigk yosx sigma_factor
sigk lyth sigma_factor
sigk cotf sigma_factor
sigk cott sigma_factor
sigk ydga sigma_factor
sigk yodi sigma_factor
sigk cgea sigma_factor
sigk gerpd sigma_factor
sigk cged sigma_factor
sigk cotw sigma_factor
sigk yoth sigma_factor
sigk yotg sigma_factor
sigk cots sigma_factor
sigk yotd sigma_factor
sigk yotj sigma_factor
sigk dapa sigma_factor
sigk ymag sigma_factor
sigk cotd sigma_factor
sigk yabg sigma_factor
sigk spsg sigma_factor
sigk gerpc sigma_factor
sigk ytlc sigma_factor
sigk gerpf sigma_factor
sigk yrkc sigma_factor
sigk yotb sigma_factor
sigk spovif sigma_factor
sigk sigk sigma_factor
sigk spsj sigma_factor
sigk yoti sigma_factor
sigk yotk sigma_factor
sigk spsf sigma_factor
sigk cotr sigma_factor
sigk gert sigma_factor
sigk cwlc sigma_factor
sigk coth sigma_factor
sigk dapg sigma_factor
sigk ytcb sigma_factor
sigk ykzq sigma_factor
sigk spoiisa sigma_factor
sigk ssca sigma_factor
sigk ftsy sigma_factor
sigk ylbd sigma_factor
sigk spsa sigma_factor
sigk spsc sigma_factor
sigk ysnd sigma_factor
sigk yjqc sigma_factor
sigk ldt sigma_factor
sigk gerpa sigma_factor
sigk cotb sigma_factor
sigk yfnh sigma_factor
sigk gerpe sigma_factor
sigk yfng sigma_factor
sigk cotx sigma_factor
sigk cotv sigma_factor
sigk sigkc sigma_factor
sigk cota sigma_factor
sigk asd sigma_factor
sigk spsi sigma_factor
sigk yqfq sigma_factor
sigk ypqa sigma_factor
sigk yotc sigma_factor
sigk dapg sigma_factor
sigk ykzq sigma_factor
sigk ytla sigma_factor
sigk lipc sigma_factor
sigk yhjr sigma_factor
sigk yodh sigma_factor
sigk yote sigma_factor
sigk asd sigma_factor
sigk yisz sigma_factor
sigk yitd sigma_factor
sigk yfne sigma_factor
sigk yeek sigma_factor
sigk yurs sigma_factor
sigk spsd sigma_factor
sigk pghl sigma_factor
sigk ytcc sigma_factor
sigk yppg sigma_factor
sigk cgec sigma_factor
sigk ytda sigma_factor
sigk coty sigma_factor
sigk spse sigma_factor
sigk yxee sigma_factor
sigk ytxo sigma_factor
sigk cotg sigma_factor
sigk cwlh sigma_factor
sigk sprb sigma_factor
sigk spsl sigma_factor
sigk yfnf sigma_factor
sigk spsk sigma_factor
sigk yrzn sigma_factor
sigk spsb sigma_factor
sigk csfb sigma_factor
sigk cote sigma_factor
sigk ylbe sigma_factor
sigk spoiisb sigma_factor
sigk ywrj sigma_factor
sigk coti sigma_factor
sigk ykvp sigma_factor
sigk yodu sigma_factor
sigk cotu sigma_factor
sigk gere sigma_factor
sigk spovfa sigma_factor
sigk cotc sigma_factor
sigk yisy sigma_factor
sigk cgeb sigma_factor
sigk oxdd sigma_factor
sigk cgee sigma_factor
sigk yaao sigma_factor
sigk ykvq sigma_factor
sigk sspg sigma_factor
sigk cwlj sigma_factor
sigk yaan sigma_factor
sigk yhco sigma_factor
sigk yita sigma_factor
sigk ytld sigma_factor
sigk spovk sigma_factor
sigk yotf sigma_factor
sigk cotq sigma_factor
sigk cotm sigma_factor
sigk xpac sigma_factor
sigk cotp sigma_factor
sigk yotm sigma_factor
sigk yfnd sigma_factor
xre xkdb repression
xre ykzk repression
xre xtra repression
xre xkdd repression
xre xkdc repression
xre yjzj repression
bsda bsdb activation
bsda bsdd activation
bsda bsdc activation
sdpr sdpi repression
sdpr fadm activation
sdpr fada activation
sdpr fadn activation
sdpr sdpr repression
sdpr fade activation
sdpr fadn activation
sdpr fade activation
sdpr fada activation
spo0a flir repression
spo0a acca activation
spo0a ykul activation
spo0a yisk activation
spo0a mets repression
spo0a ywzh repression
spo0a ftsx repression
spo0a ylmh repression
spo0a yodl activation
spo0a rapa repression
spo0a ylmg repression
spo0a chea repression
spo0a flhg repression
spo0a sdpc activation
spo0a yqcf activation
spo0a diviva repression
spo0a sigg activation
spo0a flhb repression
spo0a rocf repression
spo0a mets repression
spo0a ftse repression
spo0a tagv repression
spo0a dnag repression
spo0a flig repression
spo0a ykqa activation
spo0a yqxd repression
spo0a yvye repression
spo0a tkt repression
spo0a yerb activation
spo0a med repression
spo0a flip repression
spo0a swrb repression
spo0a yppd activation
spo0a kina activation
spo0a raca activation
spo0a parb repression
spo0a abrb repression
spo0a yqxj activation
spo0a flij repression
spo0a fliq repression
spo0a flik repression
spo0a ylmd repression
spo0a flha repression
spo0a cheb repression
spo0a yoch activation
spo0a flim repression
spo0a chew repression
spo0a ccpc activation
spo0a epr activation
spo0a spoiiab activation
spo0a roce repression
spo0a ched repression
spo0a ykuj activation
spo0a chey repression
spo0a pit repression
spo0a nfra repression
spo0a chec repression
spo0a fliy repression
spo0a yqxi activation
spo0a yuse activation
spo0a yppe activation
spo0a ykaa repression
spo0a yrrl repression
spo0a txpa transcription_activation
spo0a flii repression
spo0a flhf repression
spo0a yxbd activation
spo0a spo0a repression
spo0a flif repression
spo0a ykuk activation
spo0a phra repression
spo0a fliz repression
spo0a skfc activation
spo0a dnaa repression
spo0a flge repression
spo0a sige activation
spo0a sira activation
spo0a flie repression
spo0a yfmj activation
spo0a ugd activation
spo0a yusd activation
spo0a flgb repression
spo0a ylxf repression
spo0a ywch repression
spo0a swrd repression
spo0a flil repression
spo0a ynef activation
spo0a swrb repression
spo0a yabd repression
spo0a yfmi activation
spo0a sinr activation
spo0a sigd repression
spo0a rocd repression
spo0a comk activation
spo0a chea repression
spo0a spo0f activation
spo0a putp activation
spo0a dlte repression
spo0a flgc repression
spo0a flir repression
spo0a skfb activation
spo0a dltb repression
spo0a yisl activation
spo0a rok repression
spo0a flhg repression
spo0a flhb repression
spo0a sepf repression
spo0a flgd repression
spo0a kinc activation
spo0a skfg activation
spo0a comz repression
spo0a siga repression
spo0a sigf activation
spo0a sdpa activation
spo0a skfh activation
spo0a yqzc repression
spo0a sini activation
spo0a yerc activation
spo0a flip repression
spo0a yqcg activation
spo0a flik repression
spo0a spoiie activation
spo0a flih repression
spo0a spoiiga activation
spo0a fliq repression
spo0a dltd repression
spo0a dltc repression
spo0a pdeh repression
spo0a lyte repression
spo0a flha repression
spo0a sdpb activation
spo0a chec repression
spo0a chey repression
spo0a cheb repression
spo0a flim repression
spo0a skfa activation
spo0a para repression
spo0a abba activation
spo0a fliy repression
spo0a ched repression
spo0a chew repression
spo0a pdxs repression
spo0a accd activation
spo0a dlta repression
spo0a ptpz activation
spo0a flhf repression
spo0a yxbc activation
spo0a tkma activation
spo0a putb activation
spo0a ylxf repression
spo0a spoiiaa activation
spo0a flgd repression
spo0a fliz repression
spo0a flge repression
spo0a sura unknown
spo0a putc activation
spo0a skff activation
spo0a sigd repression
spo0a yqzd repression
spo0a refz activation
spo0a swrd repression
spo0a ktrc activation
spo0a flil repression
spo0a ptka activation
spo0a pdxt repression
spo0a skfe activation
spo0a dnan repression
spo0a ylme repression
spx bshb1 activation
spx ylad activation
spx ylac activation
spx dapb activation
spx yojf activation
spx yrhc activation
spx coms repression
spx mcca activation
spx ytxk activation
spx yrrt activation
spx mccb activation
spx srfac repression
spx trxa activation
spx ypjd activation
spx tpx activation
spx nfra activation
spx tpx activation
spx ytpp activation
spx ylaa activation
spx ylbq activation
spx yoyc activation
spx yjbh activation
spx bshb2 activation
spx cca activation
spx cysk activation
spx ywch activation
spx srfaa repression
spx ytva activation
spx ylab activation
spx msrb activation
spx srfad repression
spx srfab repression
spx yugj activation
spx bira activation
spx bshc activation
spx ytpq activation
spx cysk activation
spx mtnn activation
spx msra activation
spx yugt activation
spx ytpr activation
spx yacd activation
spx coax activation
spx bsha activation
spx mgsa activation
spx trxb activation
spx yacc activation
spx yjbi activation
dtrr tyrz repression
dtrr dtrr repression
hrca groel repression
hrca grpe repression
hrca yqeu repression
hrca yqet repression
hrca yqev repression
hrca dnaj repression
hrca hrca repression
hrca dnak repression
hrca groes repression
siga ylxs sigma_factor
siga arsc sigma_factor
siga dra sigma_factor
siga yurj sigma_factor
siga yqxd sigma_factor
siga pta sigma_factor
siga ydhf sigma_factor
siga gmuc sigma_factor
siga cysj sigma_factor
siga narj sigma_factor
siga ftsh sigma_factor
siga tcyl sigma_factor
siga yflg sigma_factor
siga sacb sigma_factor
siga glpk sigma_factor
siga mtla sigma_factor
siga saca sigma_factor
siga hemc sigma_factor
siga ascr sigma_factor
siga putb sigma_factor
siga tcyn sigma_factor
siga dppb sigma_factor
siga comge sigma_factor
siga rbsd sigma_factor
siga purl sigma_factor
siga yfmp sigma_factor
siga obg sigma_factor
siga hemx sigma_factor
siga rpoe sigma_factor
siga fnr sigma_factor
siga yotb sigma_factor
siga swrb sigma_factor
siga bglc sigma_factor
siga ktrc sigma_factor
siga acsa sigma_factor
siga yxie sigma_factor
siga proj sigma_factor
siga yxba sigma_factor
siga rpsp sigma_factor
siga alka sigma_factor
siga purn sigma_factor
siga pbpf sigma_factor
siga phor sigma_factor
siga araa sigma_factor
siga skfh sigma_factor
siga ptka sigma_factor
siga hypo sigma_factor
siga amhx sigma_factor
siga gcad sigma_factor
siga tetl sigma_factor
siga ptsi sigma_factor
siga phrh sigma_factor
siga yqai sigma_factor
siga ccpa sigma_factor
siga ywob sigma_factor
siga dnan sigma_factor
siga pyrab sigma_factor
siga ribr sigma_factor
siga acda sigma_factor
siga rpsn sigma_factor
siga minc sigma_factor
siga hlpb sigma_factor
siga dctp sigma_factor
siga yxbb sigma_factor
siga rplo sigma_factor
siga snab sigma_factor
siga sr1 sigma_factor
siga sufb sigma_factor
siga adk sigma_factor
siga mhqo sigma_factor
siga proh sigma_factor
siga ogt sigma_factor
siga rsgi sigma_factor
siga sipw sigma_factor
siga ccda sigma_factor
siga rpoa sigma_factor
siga glsa sigma_factor
siga urec sigma_factor
siga s477 sigma_factor
siga bshb1 sigma_factor
siga epsa sigma_factor
siga trmu sigma_factor
siga yoti sigma_factor
siga ywce sigma_factor
siga gabd sigma_factor
siga msmr sigma_factor
siga yjdf sigma_factor
siga bace sigma_factor
siga psda sigma_factor
siga putc sigma_factor
siga folc sigma_factor
siga groel sigma_factor
siga ylad sigma_factor
siga rpsq sigma_factor
siga phet sigma_factor
siga vmlr sigma_factor
siga phri sigma_factor
siga uxaa sigma_factor
siga ntdb sigma_factor
siga xyla sigma_factor
siga acka sigma_factor
siga fabha sigma_factor
siga gmue sigma_factor
siga rbsb sigma_factor
siga yxam sigma_factor
siga mcsa sigma_factor
siga cggr sigma_factor
siga fabf sigma_factor
siga yukb sigma_factor
siga fliq sigma_factor
siga ywrb sigma_factor
siga rpmj sigma_factor
siga yqii sigma_factor
siga abna sigma_factor
siga gbsa sigma_factor
siga yaaa sigma_factor
siga rpsr sigma_factor
siga raph sigma_factor
siga rapa sigma_factor
siga flgm sigma_factor
siga flha sigma_factor
siga kapb sigma_factor
siga bglp sigma_factor
siga pstba sigma_factor
siga lmra sigma_factor
siga defa sigma_factor
siga gutb sigma_factor
siga nadb sigma_factor
siga chea sigma_factor
siga dapa sigma_factor
siga dhbe sigma_factor
siga rplo sigma_factor
siga recf sigma_factor
siga opuab sigma_factor
siga pucm sigma_factor
siga cmoo sigma_factor
siga ylac sigma_factor
siga flhg sigma_factor
siga sufc sigma_factor
siga ybfk sigma_factor
siga pucc sigma_factor
siga bltd sigma_factor
siga chew sigma_factor
siga thrz sigma_factor
siga minj sigma_factor
siga purt sigma_factor
siga dapb sigma_factor
siga ytra sigma_factor
siga sigm sigma_factor
siga yojf sigma_factor
siga yrhc sigma_factor
siga yydh sigma_factor
siga yqaf sigma_factor
siga mdh sigma_factor
siga dhbb sigma_factor
siga reca sigma_factor
siga rpsm sigma_factor
siga rplf sigma_factor
siga sdpi sigma_factor
siga liaf sigma_factor
siga yydi sigma_factor
siga skff sigma_factor
siga purb sigma_factor
siga gale sigma_factor
siga pyca sigma_factor
siga guad sigma_factor
siga sigg sigma_factor
siga fabl sigma_factor
siga flhb sigma_factor
siga rsbv sigma_factor
siga citr sigma_factor
siga degu sigma_factor
siga phrg sigma_factor
siga pbpd sigma_factor
siga ftsw sigma_factor
siga dhbc sigma_factor
siga ycic sigma_factor
siga rbfa sigma_factor
siga chey sigma_factor
siga csta sigma_factor
siga pfet sigma_factor
siga cita sigma_factor
siga nrgb sigma_factor
siga tyrs sigma_factor
siga purh sigma_factor
siga dhbf sigma_factor
siga trxa sigma_factor
siga yxaa sigma_factor
siga era sigma_factor
siga msme sigma_factor
siga clpx sigma_factor
siga lmrb sigma_factor
siga ytzk sigma_factor
siga arsb sigma_factor
siga ycnl sigma_factor
siga psd sigma_factor
siga tagg sigma_factor
siga meti sigma_factor
siga rnc sigma_factor
siga yabe sigma_factor
siga pyraa sigma_factor
siga jag sigma_factor
siga ptsi sigma_factor
siga uxab sigma_factor
siga mlen sigma_factor
siga skfe sigma_factor
siga fliy sigma_factor
siga fole2 sigma_factor
siga motp sigma_factor
siga swraa_2 sigma_factor
siga sr4 sigma_factor
siga tuag sigma_factor
siga kinb sigma_factor
siga lgt sigma_factor
siga comea sigma_factor
siga tagu sigma_factor
siga cdaa sigma_factor
siga fabd sigma_factor
siga opubb sigma_factor
siga yxeo sigma_factor
siga ytrc sigma_factor
siga mcca sigma_factor
siga gabp sigma_factor
siga acub sigma_factor
siga yvie sigma_factor
siga bgls sigma_factor
siga yjmb sigma_factor
siga purm sigma_factor
siga gamp sigma_factor
siga flig sigma_factor
siga citb sigma_factor
siga ykqa sigma_factor
siga s56 sigma_factor
siga gntk sigma_factor
siga ydfk sigma_factor
siga ftsa sigma_factor
siga psts sigma_factor
siga ntda sigma_factor
siga txpa sigma_factor
siga yojf sigma_factor
siga ylon sigma_factor
siga yqda sigma_factor
siga cspb sigma_factor
siga trer sigma_factor
siga grpe sigma_factor
siga gmud sigma_factor
siga yukc sigma_factor
siga comgg sigma_factor
siga kdud sigma_factor
siga yued sigma_factor
siga rpsc sigma_factor
siga med sigma_factor
siga ylxp sigma_factor
siga ynen sigma_factor
siga gmua sigma_factor
siga tuae sigma_factor
siga flip sigma_factor
siga exur sigma_factor
siga fnr sigma_factor
siga mhqn sigma_factor
siga mlea sigma_factor
siga urea sigma_factor
siga tagb sigma_factor
siga pucg sigma_factor
siga drm sigma_factor
siga mtnk sigma_factor
siga yxba sigma_factor
siga yacf sigma_factor
siga mhqa sigma_factor
siga opuaa sigma_factor
siga iolj sigma_factor
siga sat sigma_factor
siga rbsa sigma_factor
siga luta sigma_factor
siga thie sigma_factor
siga lutc sigma_factor
siga kdgk sigma_factor
siga minc sigma_factor
siga rpsj sigma_factor
siga rbsk sigma_factor
siga gltc sigma_factor
siga mrga sigma_factor
siga rpsd sigma_factor
siga perr sigma_factor
siga ffh sigma_factor
siga bgls sigma_factor
siga dppc sigma_factor
siga ycnj sigma_factor
siga psdr sigma_factor
siga lcfb sigma_factor
siga dyna sigma_factor
siga gans sigma_factor
siga phob sigma_factor
siga hutp sigma_factor
siga ywkb sigma_factor
siga arsr sigma_factor
siga prob sigma_factor
siga yotc sigma_factor
siga csss sigma_factor
siga gmuf sigma_factor
siga sul sigma_factor
siga ldh sigma_factor
siga ggaa sigma_factor
siga phre sigma_factor
siga hutm sigma_factor
siga epso sigma_factor
siga argj sigma_factor
siga comfb sigma_factor
siga glpd sigma_factor
siga hemb sigma_factor
siga licc sigma_factor
siga epsg sigma_factor
siga topb sigma_factor
siga pona sigma_factor
siga blt sigma_factor
siga abn2 sigma_factor
siga resc sigma_factor
siga kdgt sigma_factor
siga ywha sigma_factor
siga ytrg sigma_factor
siga epsl sigma_factor
siga gntz sigma_factor
siga ycic sigma_factor
siga glcp sigma_factor
siga uxua sigma_factor
siga yrrt sigma_factor
siga cate sigma_factor
siga nasc sigma_factor
siga flij sigma_factor
siga baca sigma_factor
siga ycni sigma_factor
siga arae sigma_factor
siga icd sigma_factor
siga gana sigma_factor
siga flik sigma_factor
siga msme sigma_factor
siga ftsy sigma_factor
siga cdar sigma_factor
siga odhb sigma_factor
siga rple sigma_factor
siga chrs sigma_factor
siga yqih sigma_factor
siga ypqp sigma_factor
siga yxem sigma_factor
siga sacy sigma_factor
siga phrh sigma_factor
siga snaa sigma_factor
siga ilvh sigma_factor
siga sacx sigma_factor
siga coms sigma_factor
siga chec sigma_factor
siga ylne sigma_factor
siga yxeq sigma_factor
siga kdui sigma_factor
siga puca sigma_factor
siga ywra sigma_factor
siga ansz sigma_factor
siga yqeu sigma_factor
siga cheb sigma_factor
siga nasf sigma_factor
siga manp sigma_factor
siga yqzo sigma_factor
siga flim sigma_factor
siga purf sigma_factor
siga gltr sigma_factor
siga nupq sigma_factor
siga copa sigma_factor
siga wapi sigma_factor
siga flgk sigma_factor
siga mrec sigma_factor
siga sacp sigma_factor
siga ylxx sigma_factor
siga rese sigma_factor
siga murb sigma_factor
siga zint sigma_factor
siga ybgb sigma_factor
siga ykup sigma_factor
siga tagh sigma_factor
siga alba sigma_factor
siga rapd sigma_factor
siga capb sigma_factor
siga reco sigma_factor
siga metc sigma_factor
siga naga sigma_factor
siga mccb sigma_factor
siga ched sigma_factor
siga ybba sigma_factor
siga ylxr sigma_factor
siga guaa sigma_factor
siga rsbr sigma_factor
siga acpa sigma_factor
siga ylbp sigma_factor
siga yote sigma_factor
siga rbsc sigma_factor
siga albd sigma_factor
siga yuke sigma_factor
siga whia sigma_factor
siga abrb sigma_factor
siga mala sigma_factor
siga iolh sigma_factor
siga ezra sigma_factor
siga nadc sigma_factor
siga trmfo sigma_factor
siga lutb sigma_factor
siga bacb sigma_factor
siga hprk sigma_factor
siga flgl sigma_factor
siga ylxq sigma_factor
siga epsh sigma_factor
siga exut sigma_factor
siga ureb sigma_factor
siga sufu sigma_factor
siga yqal sigma_factor
siga sspe sigma_factor
siga tuad sigma_factor
siga riba sigma_factor
siga leua sigma_factor
siga ypjd sigma_factor
siga siga sigma_factor
siga ytre sigma_factor
siga phra sigma_factor
siga mhqe sigma_factor
siga yjmd sigma_factor
siga rsbs sigma_factor
siga sbcd sigma_factor
siga hemn sigma_factor
siga trea sigma_factor
siga glna sigma_factor
siga psta sigma_factor
siga chea sigma_factor
siga argf sigma_factor
siga yfki sigma_factor
siga ybfm sigma_factor
siga yueb sigma_factor
siga yhda sigma_factor
siga epsf sigma_factor
siga gudb sigma_factor
siga lcfa sigma_factor
siga sips sigma_factor
siga putp sigma_factor
siga yczl sigma_factor
siga rsbw sigma_factor
siga rpse sigma_factor
siga tcyj sigma_factor
siga maea sigma_factor
siga nasd sigma_factor
siga rpmc sigma_factor
siga aram sigma_factor
siga pyrg sigma_factor
siga apre sigma_factor
siga flii sigma_factor
siga gapb sigma_factor
siga ylxm sigma_factor
siga flhf sigma_factor
siga yqik sigma_factor
siga pbux sigma_factor
siga yoje sigma_factor
siga rplw sigma_factor
siga dapg sigma_factor
siga fabl sigma_factor
siga pmi sigma_factor
siga fmt sigma_factor
siga mtnb sigma_factor
siga rapb sigma_factor
siga fadn sigma_factor
siga bsrg sigma_factor
siga epsm sigma_factor
siga spo0a sigma_factor
siga flif sigma_factor
siga odha sigma_factor
siga pyrd sigma_factor
siga comgf sigma_factor
siga rsbx sigma_factor
siga sigi sigma_factor
siga veg sigma_factor
siga pyrc sigma_factor
siga ylom sigma_factor
siga epse sigma_factor
siga manr sigma_factor
siga proa sigma_factor
siga bacd sigma_factor
siga epsj sigma_factor
siga mtnx sigma_factor
siga srfac sigma_factor
siga tapa sigma_factor
siga fole sigma_factor
siga sdpr sigma_factor
siga ftsy sigma_factor
siga cysl sigma_factor
siga xpt sigma_factor
siga yazb sigma_factor
siga mreb sigma_factor
siga nfra sigma_factor
siga ylxf sigma_factor
siga mhqp sigma_factor
siga rapc sigma_factor
siga trpp sigma_factor
siga radc sigma_factor
siga rsix sigma_factor
siga rplx sigma_factor
siga swraa_2 sigma_factor
siga yqaj sigma_factor
siga fliz sigma_factor
siga yqet sigma_factor
siga fade sigma_factor
siga csba sigma_factor
siga epsk sigma_factor
siga ilvc sigma_factor
siga tuaa_1 sigma_factor
siga azor2 sigma_factor
siga comp sigma_factor
siga ybdz sigma_factor
siga ycib sigma_factor
siga flhg sigma_factor
siga tagd sigma_factor
siga argd sigma_factor
siga snda sigma_factor
siga dnaa sigma_factor
siga spee sigma_factor
siga acua sigma_factor
siga mend sigma_factor
siga flge sigma_factor
siga ylnd sigma_factor
siga sige sigma_factor
siga puch sigma_factor
siga sece sigma_factor
siga fadf sigma_factor
siga ytpp sigma_factor
siga yqev sigma_factor
siga arad sigma_factor
siga tcyk sigma_factor
siga ytxm sigma_factor
siga crh sigma_factor
siga epsb sigma_factor
siga flhb sigma_factor
siga psdb sigma_factor
siga ygan sigma_factor
siga yhcy sigma_factor
siga levb sigma_factor
siga licr sigma_factor
siga flgd sigma_factor
siga nupn sigma_factor
siga gtab sigma_factor
siga flie sigma_factor
siga pstbb sigma_factor
siga ytrb sigma_factor
siga albf sigma_factor
siga efeo sigma_factor
siga yqah sigma_factor
siga pucf sigma_factor
siga exur sigma_factor
siga xyna sigma_factor
siga ykop sigma_factor
siga pucb sigma_factor
siga yfkj sigma_factor
siga ylbq sigma_factor
siga ugd sigma_factor
siga ypzf sigma_factor
siga flgb sigma_factor
siga tuah sigma_factor
siga pgm sigma_factor
siga pabb sigma_factor
siga ylqc sigma_factor
siga pura sigma_factor
siga pgk sigma_factor
siga rpld sigma_factor
siga citm sigma_factor
siga resa sigma_factor
siga frlo sigma_factor
siga asd sigma_factor
siga yuec sigma_factor
siga gapa sigma_factor
siga siga sigma_factor
siga tatad sigma_factor
siga fabg sigma_factor
siga mtne sigma_factor
siga rplq sigma_factor
siga yaco sigma_factor
siga yoyc sigma_factor
siga aral sigma_factor
siga swrd sigma_factor
siga iols sigma_factor
siga flil sigma_factor
siga cysh sigma_factor
siga ansb sigma_factor
siga degs sigma_factor
siga uxac sigma_factor
siga znub sigma_factor
siga pdha sigma_factor
siga yfkh sigma_factor
siga swrb sigma_factor
siga rapg sigma_factor
siga etfb sigma_factor
siga frln sigma_factor
siga ylnf sigma_factor
siga sped sigma_factor
siga resd sigma_factor
siga ytfp sigma_factor
siga gabr sigma_factor
siga sdha sigma_factor
siga yvyf sigma_factor
siga ccpc sigma_factor
siga yvyg sigma_factor
siga yczl sigma_factor
siga mrec sigma_factor
siga addb sigma_factor
siga ycbk sigma_factor
siga yrvo sigma_factor
siga yxnb sigma_factor
siga mdh sigma_factor
siga ybgb sigma_factor
siga tagf sigma_factor
siga sprb sigma_factor
siga bshb2 sigma_factor
siga sbox sigma_factor
siga pamr sigma_factor
siga rpoy sigma_factor
siga rplb sigma_factor
siga lyss sigma_factor
siga epsd sigma_factor
siga ssph sigma_factor
siga nrdf sigma_factor
siga purc sigma_factor
siga gbsb sigma_factor
siga flip sigma_factor
siga map sigma_factor
siga tyrs sigma_factor
siga speb sigma_factor
siga muty sigma_factor
siga uxua sigma_factor
siga yutd sigma_factor
siga cca sigma_factor
siga sinr sigma_factor
siga pabc sigma_factor
siga opuba sigma_factor
siga amyc sigma_factor
siga menf sigma_factor
siga cysk sigma_factor
siga sigd sigma_factor
siga mind sigma_factor
siga catd sigma_factor
siga yflh sigma_factor
siga flik sigma_factor
siga opubc sigma_factor
siga exut sigma_factor
siga feuc sigma_factor
siga cysp sigma_factor
siga yjmc sigma_factor
siga lrpc sigma_factor
siga mreb sigma_factor
siga sspe sigma_factor
siga ywzb sigma_factor
siga cyse sigma_factor
siga mtrb sigma_factor
siga comk sigma_factor
siga nase sigma_factor
siga sdhb sigma_factor
siga ywch sigma_factor
siga liar sigma_factor
siga yhdk sigma_factor
siga brab sigma_factor
siga yjmf sigma_factor
siga tage sigma_factor
siga yoyc sigma_factor
siga arfm sigma_factor
siga smc sigma_factor
siga mots sigma_factor
siga ssud sigma_factor
siga cmoi sigma_factor
siga citg sigma_factor
siga rhar sigma_factor
siga opuac sigma_factor
siga vals sigma_factor
siga skfc sigma_factor
siga ssba sigma_factor
siga yhdl sigma_factor
siga nusa sigma_factor
siga spo0f sigma_factor
siga putr sigma_factor
siga mred sigma_factor
siga lepa sigma_factor
siga qcra sigma_factor
siga taga sigma_factor
siga glpf sigma_factor
siga dppd sigma_factor
siga ssub sigma_factor
siga comx sigma_factor
siga hbs sigma_factor
siga disa sigma_factor
siga glnr sigma_factor
siga yqam sigma_factor
siga yacp sigma_factor
siga yvci sigma_factor
siga clpe sigma_factor
siga leub sigma_factor
siga purq sigma_factor
siga tuac sigma_factor
siga nupp sigma_factor
siga bshb2 sigma_factor
siga gntr sigma_factor
siga coma sigma_factor
siga flgc sigma_factor
siga opubd sigma_factor
siga glpp sigma_factor
siga nagp sigma_factor
siga yqck sigma_factor
siga thim sigma_factor
siga etfa sigma_factor
siga ylab sigma_factor
siga bglh sigma_factor
siga lyss sigma_factor
siga flir sigma_factor
siga nrde sigma_factor
siga nrga sigma_factor
siga arap sigma_factor
siga dppe sigma_factor
siga gntp sigma_factor
siga efeb sigma_factor
siga ribd sigma_factor
siga msrb sigma_factor
siga bmr sigma_factor
siga trep sigma_factor
siga mana sigma_factor
siga pyre sigma_factor
siga mene sigma_factor
siga cssr sigma_factor
siga malp sigma_factor
siga amye sigma_factor
siga tuab sigma_factor
siga adab sigma_factor
siga tpi sigma_factor
siga amyc sigma_factor
siga rbsr sigma_factor
siga comz sigma_factor
siga icd sigma_factor
siga ptsh sigma_factor
siga srfab sigma_factor
siga frlm sigma_factor
siga tcym sigma_factor
siga puce sigma_factor
siga glya sigma_factor
siga ansa sigma_factor
siga mhqp sigma_factor
siga yfli sigma_factor
siga gapa sigma_factor
siga adda sigma_factor
siga menc sigma_factor
siga chec sigma_factor
siga yoch sigma_factor
siga srfaa sigma_factor
siga glmr sigma_factor
siga pyrf sigma_factor
siga cheb sigma_factor
siga gltb sigma_factor
siga flim sigma_factor
siga yaaj sigma_factor
siga cdd sigma_factor
siga pdhb sigma_factor
siga comeb sigma_factor
siga rnja sigma_factor
siga ribe sigma_factor
siga clpp sigma_factor
siga mcsb sigma_factor
siga huti sigma_factor
siga mela sigma_factor
siga yeab sigma_factor
siga liai sigma_factor
siga mtnd sigma_factor
siga folb sigma_factor
siga albe sigma_factor
siga putp sigma_factor
siga bira sigma_factor
siga liah sigma_factor
siga liag sigma_factor
siga rtpa sigma_factor
siga lict sigma_factor
siga dhba sigma_factor
siga bacc sigma_factor
siga sdhc sigma_factor
siga folk sigma_factor
siga ched sigma_factor
siga mtlr sigma_factor
siga bshc sigma_factor
siga iolr sigma_factor
siga pyrr sigma_factor
siga xylb sigma_factor
siga hutu sigma_factor
siga xynb sigma_factor
siga heml sigma_factor
siga ylxw sigma_factor
siga ytpq sigma_factor
siga menb sigma_factor
siga nadr sigma_factor
siga ctsr sigma_factor
siga qcrb sigma_factor
siga ylaa sigma_factor
siga comq sigma_factor
siga clpq sigma_factor
siga iole sigma_factor
siga map sigma_factor
siga kinc sigma_factor
siga iold sigma_factor
siga srfad sigma_factor
siga pssa sigma_factor
siga rsbu sigma_factor
siga yydj sigma_factor
siga ilvb sigma_factor
siga adaa sigma_factor
siga ohra sigma_factor
siga resb sigma_factor
siga mind sigma_factor
siga gmur sigma_factor
siga yvoe sigma_factor
siga recu sigma_factor
siga ispa sigma_factor
siga rplc sigma_factor
siga cada sigma_factor
siga phoa sigma_factor
siga comgd sigma_factor
siga fadr sigma_factor
siga iolg sigma_factor
siga ganp sigma_factor
siga tuaa_2 sigma_factor
siga spoiiie sigma_factor
siga yhxa sigma_factor
siga nade sigma_factor
siga yhcz sigma_factor
siga mtlf sigma_factor
siga sufd sigma_factor
siga lytb sigma_factor
siga comga sigma_factor
siga prs sigma_factor
siga dnaj sigma_factor
siga gama sigma_factor
siga yqan sigma_factor
siga eno sigma_factor
siga mtnn sigma_factor
siga ganb sigma_factor
siga yvcd sigma_factor
siga yxnb sigma_factor
siga codv sigma_factor
siga hrca sigma_factor
siga ywoc sigma_factor
siga yukd sigma_factor
siga fruc sigma_factor
siga sda sigma_factor
siga yfmo sigma_factor
siga flhf sigma_factor
siga acor sigma_factor
siga yvcn sigma_factor
siga phoc sigma_factor
siga nark sigma_factor
siga msra sigma_factor
siga licb sigma_factor
siga psds sigma_factor
siga pyrb sigma_factor
siga pucj sigma_factor
siga scr sigma_factor
siga lica sigma_factor
siga sini sigma_factor
siga menb sigma_factor
siga rpls sigma_factor
siga albc sigma_factor
siga rsbt sigma_factor
siga pupg sigma_factor
siga pucd sigma_factor
siga rimm sigma_factor
siga skfb sigma_factor
siga mene sigma_factor
siga comc sigma_factor
siga ald sigma_factor
siga mene sigma_factor
siga sigb sigma_factor
siga bacf sigma_factor
siga wpra sigma_factor
siga skfg sigma_factor
siga rpsf sigma_factor
siga comfa sigma_factor
siga nari sigma_factor
siga nasb sigma_factor
siga ywda sigma_factor
siga ahpf sigma_factor
siga lyta sigma_factor
siga argb sigma_factor
siga ptsh sigma_factor
siga dnak sigma_factor
siga fliw sigma_factor
siga spoiie sigma_factor
siga gyra sigma_factor
siga leuc sigma_factor
siga bmra sigma_factor
siga secy sigma_factor
siga amyd sigma_factor
siga ylxf sigma_factor
siga flih sigma_factor
siga mtna sigma_factor
siga tils sigma_factor
siga rpln sigma_factor
siga spoiiga sigma_factor
siga cymr sigma_factor
siga ytrf sigma_factor
siga comec sigma_factor
siga menc sigma_factor
siga lctp sigma_factor
siga rplp sigma_factor
siga rocr sigma_factor
siga sboa sigma_factor
siga epsi sigma_factor
siga dtpt sigma_factor
siga fliz sigma_factor
siga glvr sigma_factor
siga wapa sigma_factor
siga tatcd sigma_factor
siga nupo sigma_factor
siga xynp sigma_factor
siga rpob sigma_factor
siga fapr sigma_factor
siga fliq sigma_factor
siga tetb sigma_factor
siga paba sigma_factor
siga sufs sigma_factor
siga frld sigma_factor
siga mred sigma_factor
siga phea sigma_factor
siga efeu sigma_factor
siga pstc sigma_factor
siga mela sigma_factor
siga nrdi sigma_factor
siga pdeh sigma_factor
siga spoiit sigma_factor
siga lyte sigma_factor
siga flha sigma_factor
siga glnr sigma_factor
siga mta sigma_factor
siga yhdf sigma_factor
siga nupc sigma_factor
siga plsx sigma_factor
siga copz sigma_factor
siga ysfe sigma_factor
siga flge sigma_factor
siga glpt sigma_factor
siga aran sigma_factor
siga yxen sigma_factor
siga ssua sigma_factor
siga clpy sigma_factor
siga puck sigma_factor
siga yotm sigma_factor
siga sbcc sigma_factor
siga asnh sigma_factor
siga comgc sigma_factor
siga argc sigma_factor
siga arar sigma_factor
siga yqzl sigma_factor
siga bmrr sigma_factor
siga huth sigma_factor
siga albb sigma_factor
siga glta sigma_factor
siga thrs sigma_factor
siga groes sigma_factor
siga yfln sigma_factor
siga ahpc sigma_factor
siga iola sigma_factor
siga rplr sigma_factor
siga rpoc sigma_factor
siga phop sigma_factor
siga nifs sigma_factor
siga comgb sigma_factor
siga yotf sigma_factor
siga rhaew sigma_factor
siga pdhc sigma_factor
siga ymfc sigma_factor
siga rpss sigma_factor
siga murg sigma_factor
siga prfb sigma_factor
siga yutf sigma_factor
siga clpc sigma_factor
siga htpg sigma_factor
siga ynej sigma_factor
siga sigd sigma_factor
siga fadb sigma_factor
siga cysc sigma_factor
siga sbp sigma_factor
siga mrnc sigma_factor
siga rplv sigma_factor
siga citz sigma_factor
siga uxaa sigma_factor
siga narh sigma_factor
siga yydg sigma_factor
siga meca sigma_factor
siga dppa sigma_factor
siga muraa sigma_factor
siga iolb sigma_factor
siga yjmc sigma_factor
siga rapi sigma_factor
siga menc sigma_factor
siga capc sigma_factor
siga epsn sigma_factor
siga yjmf sigma_factor
siga sndb sigma_factor
siga chey sigma_factor
siga rhab sigma_factor
siga seca sigma_factor
siga swrd sigma_factor
siga znuc sigma_factor
siga ybzg sigma_factor
siga flil sigma_factor
siga acsa sigma_factor
siga acuc sigma_factor
siga lutp sigma_factor
siga leud sigma_factor
siga hemz sigma_factor
siga ytpr sigma_factor
siga pure sigma_factor
siga pdhd sigma_factor
siga gmug sigma_factor
siga gabt sigma_factor
siga rham sigma_factor
siga spra sigma_factor
siga gutp sigma_factor
siga phrc sigma_factor
siga ganq sigma_factor
siga iolc sigma_factor
siga comfc sigma_factor
siga glcr sigma_factor
siga araq sigma_factor
siga glmm sigma_factor
siga albg sigma_factor
siga iolf sigma_factor
siga rpmh sigma_factor
siga cwlo sigma_factor
siga rpsk sigma_factor
siga lias sigma_factor
siga fliy sigma_factor
siga sigx sigma_factor
siga mtld sigma_factor
siga yuxk sigma_factor
siga ysxc sigma_factor
siga sura sigma_factor
siga pucl sigma_factor
siga pdp sigma_factor
siga yxbb sigma_factor
siga ribh sigma_factor
siga phod sigma_factor
siga mhqo sigma_factor
siga ioli sigma_factor
siga chew sigma_factor
siga ftsz sigma_factor
siga spx sigma_factor
siga spoiiij sigma_factor
siga fbp sigma_factor
siga ywod sigma_factor
siga yvof sigma_factor
siga rhaa sigma_factor
siga tasa sigma_factor
siga narg sigma_factor
siga tuaf sigma_factor
siga capa sigma_factor
siga yvod sigma_factor
siga epsc sigma_factor
siga gabd sigma_factor
siga qcrc sigma_factor
siga ykzb sigma_factor
siga ymab sigma_factor
siga ykuo sigma_factor
siga frlb sigma_factor
siga spoiiil sigma_factor
siga kdgr sigma_factor
siga remb sigma_factor
siga spo0b sigma_factor
siga yotk sigma_factor
siga nagr sigma_factor
siga secy sigma_factor
siga amyd sigma_factor
siga lona sigma_factor
siga cysi sigma_factor
siga scoc sigma_factor
siga ykol sigma_factor
siga rada sigma_factor
siga rpph sigma_factor
siga yqak sigma_factor
siga znua sigma_factor
siga purs sigma_factor
siga csra sigma_factor
siga trmd sigma_factor
siga rpmgb sigma_factor
siga rpoe sigma_factor
siga ptsg sigma_factor
siga nada sigma_factor
siga ypbs sigma_factor
siga yute sigma_factor
siga ylqd sigma_factor
siga glpq sigma_factor
siga ydfm sigma_factor
siga glms sigma_factor
siga mtnu sigma_factor
siga infb sigma_factor
siga mela sigma_factor
siga htra sigma_factor
siga ynei sigma_factor
siga alsd sigma_factor
siga uxab sigma_factor
siga maf sigma_factor
siga mtnw sigma_factor
siga nagb sigma_factor
siga ptpz sigma_factor
siga cmoj sigma_factor
siga pyrk sigma_factor
siga ywbi sigma_factor
siga yosx sigma_factor
siga gmub sigma_factor
siga yqag sigma_factor
siga opud sigma_factor
siga purd sigma_factor
siga adk sigma_factor
siga aprx sigma_factor
siga tkma sigma_factor
siga flir sigma_factor
siga abf2 sigma_factor
siga purk sigma_factor
siga infa sigma_factor
siga divib sigma_factor
siga hmp sigma_factor
siga ggab sigma_factor
siga sigh sigma_factor
siga alss sigma_factor
siga ssuc sigma_factor
siga gltx sigma_factor
siga ante sigma_factor
siga lutr sigma_factor
siga yyaf sigma_factor
siga ntdc sigma_factor
siga hprt sigma_factor
siga hutg sigma_factor
siga ppib sigma_factor
siga ptsa sigma_factor
siga hemd sigma_factor
siga arab sigma_factor
siga ykun sigma_factor
siga degq sigma_factor
siga mhqd sigma_factor
siga lich sigma_factor
siga yydf sigma_factor
siga carb sigma_factor
siga acpa sigma_factor
siga mbl sigma_factor
siga ctaa sigma_factor
siga flgd sigma_factor
siga cggr sigma_factor
siga pyrp sigma_factor
siga swra sigma_factor
siga cape sigma_factor
siga yuxo sigma_factor
siga ycnk sigma_factor
siga gyrb sigma_factor
siga yoth sigma_factor
siga ytnm sigma_factor
siga ytrd sigma_factor
siga skfa sigma_factor
siga phes sigma_factor
siga cara sigma_factor
siga kdga sigma_factor
siga ytzk sigma_factor
siga yotg sigma_factor
siga rnjb sigma_factor
siga gamr sigma_factor
siga hema sigma_factor
siga thrr sigma_factor
siga ccca sigma_factor
siga dnag sigma_factor
siga lytc sigma_factor
siga abfa sigma_factor
siga des sigma_factor
siga yvcj sigma_factor
siga bsha sigma_factor
siga glnt sigma_factor
siga ydcg sigma_factor
siga yxab sigma_factor
siga proi sigma_factor
siga pcka sigma_factor
siga yotd sigma_factor
siga rpmd sigma_factor
siga ctc sigma_factor
siga ribt sigma_factor
siga yjmd sigma_factor
siga rpsh sigma_factor
siga fur sigma_factor
siga yotj sigma_factor
siga kine sigma_factor
siga cyss sigma_factor
siga yxek sigma_factor
siga fada sigma_factor
siga spo0e sigma_factor
siga mgsa sigma_factor
siga feub sigma_factor
siga feua sigma_factor
siga cody sigma_factor
siga ohrr sigma_factor
yfmp yfmo repression
yfmp yfmp repression
glpp glpd antitermination
glpp glpf antitermination
glpp glpt antitermination
glpp glpk antitermination
glpp glpq antitermination
lnrk lnrl activation
lnrk lnrn activation
lnrk lnrm activation
sige divib sigma_factor
sige spovr sigma_factor
sige sodf sigma_factor
sige ctaa sigma_factor
sige spovm sigma_factor
sige yuzc sigma_factor
sige bofa sigma_factor
sige ytaf sigma_factor
sige glnm sigma_factor
sige scoa sigma_factor
sige yjmd sigma_factor
sige yosx sigma_factor
sige yfnd sigma_factor
sige yjdh sigma_factor
sige ymxh sigma_factor
sige cotjb sigma_factor
sige mmgd sigma_factor
sige mbl sigma_factor
sige yqkf sigma_factor
sige mmgc sigma_factor
sige germ sigma_factor
sige yoth sigma_factor
sige pbpi sigma_factor
sige yotg sigma_factor
sige ytvi sigma_factor
sige ydjp sigma_factor
sige ybak sigma_factor
sige yxed sigma_factor
sige prka sigma_factor
sige yotd sigma_factor
sige yusq sigma_factor
sige yotj sigma_factor
sige spoivca sigma_factor
sige ylmc sigma_factor
sige mure sigma_factor
sige yngj sigma_factor
sige cotz sigma_factor
sige spove sigma_factor
sige murg sigma_factor
sige sbp sigma_factor
sige cotx sigma_factor
sige tgl sigma_factor
sige pdab sigma_factor
sige yotb sigma_factor
sige phor sigma_factor
sige yugu sigma_factor
sige ynge sigma_factor
sige ylxw sigma_factor
sige cott sigma_factor
sige glga sigma_factor
sige sigk sigma_factor
sige spsj sigma_factor
sige phob sigma_factor
sige scob sigma_factor
sige yhxc sigma_factor
sige yoti sigma_factor
sige yotk sigma_factor
sige spoiva sigma_factor
sige cotw sigma_factor
sige spsf sigma_factor
sige ctpb sigma_factor
sige ywca sigma_factor
sige cwld sigma_factor
sige spovid sigma_factor
sige yabr sigma_factor
sige fisb sigma_factor
sige spoiiiac sigma_factor
sige cmpa sigma_factor
sige bdbd sigma_factor
sige ycgg sigma_factor
sige cotja sigma_factor
sige gerq sigma_factor
sige med sigma_factor
sige exur sigma_factor
sige cith sigma_factor
sige yodq sigma_factor
sige yncd sigma_factor
sige glgp sigma_factor
sige hbut sigma_factor
sige yuzh sigma_factor
sige spsa sigma_factor
sige ytrh sigma_factor
sige yngf sigma_factor
sige pola sigma_factor
sige spsc sigma_factor
sige ysnd sigma_factor
sige yoze sigma_factor
sige ytag sigma_factor
sige spoiiid sigma_factor
sige yqfz sigma_factor
sige ispg sigma_factor
sige yitd sigma_factor
sige yhal sigma_factor
sige yesk sigma_factor
sige uxua sigma_factor
sige ysxe sigma_factor
sige sigkc sigma_factor
sige glnh sigma_factor
sige yhbh sigma_factor
sige spsi sigma_factor
sige spoivfb sigma_factor
sige spoiiiah sigma_factor
sige ytev sigma_factor
sige usd sigma_factor
sige yrrs sigma_factor
sige ypqa sigma_factor
sige yhed sigma_factor
sige ylxx sigma_factor
sige yotc sigma_factor
sige murb sigma_factor
sige coth sigma_factor
sige stoa sigma_factor
sige ynghb sigma_factor
sige exut sigma_factor
sige spoiip sigma_factor
sige spoiiiag sigma_factor
sige yqfc sigma_factor
sige yhjr sigma_factor
sige divib sigma_factor
sige spoiid sigma_factor
sige cotb sigma_factor
sige yckc sigma_factor
sige yfnh sigma_factor
sige yote sigma_factor
sige yfng sigma_factor
sige cotx sigma_factor
sige yodp sigma_factor
sige yabm sigma_factor
sige yodr sigma_factor
sige cotv sigma_factor
sige ydhd sigma_factor
sige coxa sigma_factor
sige kama sigma_factor
sige ynda sigma_factor
sige ywcb sigma_factor
sige yngh sigma_factor
sige mray sigma_factor
sige yqhv sigma_factor
sige yabp sigma_factor
sige yjca sigma_factor
sige spsd sigma_factor
sige ykvu sigma_factor
sige mutm sigma_factor
sige yhax sigma_factor
sige yocl sigma_factor
sige spoiiiad sigma_factor
sige bdbc sigma_factor
sige dacb sigma_factor
sige spoiiiae sigma_factor
sige ynzb sigma_factor
sige glgb sigma_factor
sige spmb sigma_factor
sige yknt sigma_factor
sige yodt sigma_factor
sige spse sigma_factor
sige cotjc sigma_factor
sige yjmc sigma_factor
sige mciz sigma_factor
sige yhbb sigma_factor
sige spoiiiaf sigma_factor
sige yjmf sigma_factor
sige asno sigma_factor
sige yqfd sigma_factor
sige ylxx sigma_factor
sige murb sigma_factor
sige yfne sigma_factor
sige cotg sigma_factor
sige sprb sigma_factor
sige spsl sigma_factor
sige spsk sigma_factor
sige yoaw sigma_factor
sige gerr sigma_factor
sige yjav sigma_factor
sige comz sigma_factor
sige yxjf sigma_factor
sige mmgb sigma_factor
sige spsb sigma_factor
sige yppg sigma_factor
sige cote sigma_factor
sige yabn sigma_factor
sige yngi sigma_factor
sige coty sigma_factor
sige ypjb sigma_factor
sige ylxw sigma_factor
sige glnp sigma_factor
sige yjfa sigma_factor
sige safa sigma_factor
sige spoiiiab sigma_factor
sige yaah sigma_factor
sige spovv sigma_factor
sige spovd sigma_factor
sige yyad sigma_factor
sige yybi sigma_factor
sige ytxc sigma_factor
sige yusr sigma_factor
sige spma sigma_factor
sige yrze sigma_factor
sige cspr sigma_factor
sige yfnf sigma_factor
sige yngg sigma_factor
sige glgc sigma_factor
sige coto sigma_factor
sige cwlj sigma_factor
sige yhec sigma_factor
sige spoiiiaa sigma_factor
sige murd sigma_factor
sige ywrj sigma_factor
sige yhco sigma_factor
sige ykvi sigma_factor
sige glnq sigma_factor
sige yesj sigma_factor
sige mmga sigma_factor
sige mmge sigma_factor
sige ydcc sigma_factor
sige spovk sigma_factor
sige phop sigma_factor
sige yotf sigma_factor
sige murg sigma_factor
sige spovb sigma_factor
sige ytri sigma_factor
sige yuss sigma_factor
sige sbp sigma_factor
sige uxaa sigma_factor
sige mbl sigma_factor
sige yisy sigma_factor
sige ydjo sigma_factor
sige yqxa sigma_factor
sige cotm sigma_factor
sige yoku sigma_factor
sige spoiim sigma_factor
sige yotm sigma_factor
sige yabq sigma_factor
sige ydhf sigma_factor
sige divic sigma_factor
sige mmgf sigma_factor
sige glgd sigma_factor
sige yitc sigma_factor
sige yabo sigma_factor
sige yods sigma_factor
sige spsg sigma_factor
sige nucb sigma_factor
sige yobw sigma_factor
sige yhjq sigma_factor
sige spoivfa sigma_factor
sige uxab sigma_factor
sige ydca sigma_factor
sige yeaa sigma_factor
sige sqhc sigma_factor
sigw spx sigma_factor
sigw divic sigma_factor
sigw yjob sigma_factor
sigw yabo sigma_factor
sigw yfhk sigma_factor
sigw yrhh sigma_factor
sigw ysdb sigma_factor
sigw ydjp sigma_factor
sigw yxji sigma_factor
sigw floa sigma_factor
sigw sppa sigma_factor
sigw yknz sigma_factor
sigw ybfq sigma_factor
sigw yceh sigma_factor
sigw yoag sigma_factor
sigw fabha sigma_factor
sigw fabf sigma_factor
sigw yvla sigma_factor
sigw yvlb sigma_factor
sigw spo0m sigma_factor
sigw yqfb sigma_factor
sigw bcrc sigma_factor
sigw yabr sigma_factor
sigw yfhl sigma_factor
sigw sasa sigma_factor
sigw ywre sigma_factor
sigw ycee sigma_factor
sigw yqjl sigma_factor
sigw ydbs sigma_factor
sigw ydjh sigma_factor
sigw yoaf sigma_factor
sigw racx sigma_factor
sigw yfhm sigma_factor
sigw yjbc sigma_factor
sigw rsiw sigma_factor
sigw yuai sigma_factor
sigw sigw sigma_factor
sigw ythq sigma_factor
sigw yobj sigma_factor
sigw yabm sigma_factor
sigw yqez sigma_factor
sigw yknw sigma_factor
sigw fatr sigma_factor
sigw ydbt sigma_factor
sigw yuaf sigma_factor
sigw yabp sigma_factor
sigw spx sigma_factor
sigw efeo sigma_factor
sigw ycec sigma_factor
sigw ybfo sigma_factor
sigw fosb sigma_factor
sigw ydji sigma_factor
sigw ywnj sigma_factor
sigw yozo sigma_factor
sigw yceg sigma_factor
sigw ykny sigma_factor
sigw ythp sigma_factor
sigw pspa sigma_factor
sigw efeb sigma_factor
sigw yabn sigma_factor
sigw yvlc sigma_factor
sigw yvld sigma_factor
sigw yaao sigma_factor
sigw yaan sigma_factor
sigw ydjo sigma_factor
sigw yxze sigma_factor
sigw ycef sigma_factor
sigw ywbo sigma_factor
sigw ytej sigma_factor
sigw yrhj sigma_factor
sigw efeu sigma_factor
sigw ybfp sigma_factor
sigw xpac sigma_factor
sigw yeaa sigma_factor
sigw efeb sigma_factor
sigw flot sigma_factor
sigw ydjg sigma_factor
sigw yknx sigma_factor
sigw pbpe sigma_factor
sigw yced sigma_factor
sigw yabq sigma_factor
fatr fatr repression
fatr yrhj repression
sigi ykuo sigma_factor
sigi dhbe sigma_factor
sigi bcrc sigma_factor
sigi ykun sigma_factor
sigi dhbb sigma_factor
sigi sigi sigma_factor
sigi dhbc sigma_factor
sigi dhbf sigma_factor
sigi ykpc sigma_factor
sigi mrebh sigma_factor
sigi fabi sigma_factor
sigi ybdz sigma_factor
sigi ykup sigma_factor
sigi rsgi sigma_factor
sigi gsib sigma_factor
sigi dhba sigma_factor
sigi lyte sigma_factor
frlr frlo repression
frlr frln repression
frlr frlm repression
frlr frld repression
frlr frlb repression
frlr yurj repression
xpf xkds sigma_factor
xpf xepa sigma_factor
xpf xkdi sigma_factor
xpf xkdg sigma_factor
xpf xkdk sigma_factor
xpf xtma sigma_factor
xpf xkdp sigma_factor
xpf xkdw sigma_factor
xpf xkde sigma_factor
xpf xhlb sigma_factor
xpf xkdo sigma_factor
xpf xkdv sigma_factor
xpf xkza sigma_factor
xpf xlya sigma_factor
xpf xkdm sigma_factor
xpf xkdq sigma_factor
xpf xkdt sigma_factor
xpf xkdx sigma_factor
xpf xkdn sigma_factor
xpf xhla sigma_factor
xpf xkdr sigma_factor
xpf xkdh sigma_factor
xpf xkzb sigma_factor
xpf xkdu sigma_factor
xpf xkdf sigma_factor
xpf xkdj sigma_factor
xpf xtmb sigma_factor
qdor qdor repression
qdor qdoi repression
qdor yxah repression
tils tils activation
tils hprt activation
tils ftsh activation
liar liaf activation
liar ydhe activation
liar yhda activation
liar yhcy activation
liar liar activation
liar liai activation
liar liah activation
liar liag activation
liar yhcz activation
liar lias activation
bkdr bkdb activation
bkdr bcd activation
bkdr bkdaa activation
bkdr lpdv activation
bkdr ptb activation
bkdr bkdab activation
bkdr buk activation
glnl glsa activation
glnl glnt activation
bltr bltd activation
bltr blt activation
cymr yrhc repression
cymr yxem repression
cymr cmoo repression
cymr sat repression
cymr mcca repression
cymr yrrt repression
cymr snaa repression
cymr yxeo repression
cymr mccb repression
cymr ylne repression
cymr tcyj repression
cymr cysp repression
cymr yxeq repression
cymr snda repression
cymr ylnd repression
cymr tcyk repression
cymr cysh repression
cymr ylnf repression
cymr ygan repression
cymr cysk repression
cymr cmoi repression
cymr tcym repression
cymr ssud repression
cymr ssub repression
cymr mtnn repression
cymr yetj repression
cymr ytnm repression
cymr cysc repression
cymr tcyp repression
cymr yxen repression
cymr ssua repression
cymr yezd repression
cymr sndb repression
cymr cmoj repression
cymr tcyl repression
cymr ssuc repression
cymr tcyn repression
cymr ydbm repression
cymr ribr repression
cymr yxek repression
cymr ascr repression
cymr snab repression
nadr nadb repression
nadr nadc repression
nadr niap repression
nadr nadr repression
nadr nifs repression
nadr nada repression
pucr guad activation
pucr urea activation
pucr pucm activation
pucr pucg activation
pucr pucm auto-repression
pucr pucc activation
pucr ureb activation
pucr puca activation
pucr puch activation
pucr pucf activation
pucr pucr auto-repression
pucr pucb activation
pucr pucj activation
pucr puce activation
pucr puck activation
pucr puci activation
pucr pucl activation
pucr pucj auto-repression
pucr pucd activation
pucr puck auto-repression
pucr pucl auto-repression
pucr urec activation
lmra lmra repression
lmra lmrb repression
lmra qdor repression
lmra qdoi repression
lmra yxah repression
lytt pfta activation
lytt pftb activation
ylac ylad sigma_factor
ylac ylac sigma_factor
ylac ylab sigma_factor
ylac ylaa sigma_factor
gltr gltr negative_autoregulation
sigb yybo sigma_factor
sigb ydaj sigma_factor
sigb ywtg sigma_factor
sigb yfho sigma_factor
sigb ssra sigma_factor
sigb ykzn sigma_factor
sigb ydal sigma_factor
sigb ywme sigma_factor
sigb spovc sigma_factor
sigb yugu sigma_factor
sigb yxab sigma_factor
sigb ykzi sigma_factor
sigb ctc sigma_factor
sigb yfhf sigma_factor
sigb kate sigma_factor
sigb spo0e sigma_factor
sigb nhax sigma_factor
sigb ylxs sigma_factor
sigb spx sigma_factor
sigb ydaf sigma_factor
sigb yfld sigma_factor
sigb yflg sigma_factor
sigb cypc sigma_factor
sigb yock sigma_factor
sigb smpb sigma_factor
sigb ytkk sigma_factor
sigb phor sigma_factor
sigb yjic sigma_factor
sigb yxzf sigma_factor
sigb ispd sigma_factor
sigb ctc sigma_factor
sigb yflt sigma_factor
sigb yxji sigma_factor
sigb dps sigma_factor
sigb ydac sigma_factor
sigb dctb sigma_factor
sigb mcsa sigma_factor
sigb yerd sigma_factor
sigb ytab sigma_factor
sigb yceh sigma_factor
sigb yuzh sigma_factor
sigb ybyb sigma_factor
sigb fin sigma_factor
sigb yfkt sigma_factor
sigb yfla sigma_factor
sigb ypuc_1 sigma_factor
sigb ytkc sigma_factor
sigb ydze sigma_factor
sigb guad sigma_factor
sigb rsbv sigma_factor
sigb luxs sigma_factor
sigb rbfa sigma_factor
sigb ycdg sigma_factor
sigb yqjl sigma_factor
sigb trxa sigma_factor
sigb yxaa sigma_factor
sigb era sigma_factor
sigb yydc sigma_factor
sigb hpf sigma_factor
sigb ywza sigma_factor
sigb yvze sigma_factor
sigb yced sigma_factor
sigb yfhl sigma_factor
sigb yflb sigma_factor
sigb ywja sigma_factor
sigb ispf sigma_factor
sigb csbc sigma_factor
sigb yhdn sigma_factor
sigb csbb sigma_factor
sigb yxbg sigma_factor
sigb yacl sigma_factor
sigb ypuc_1 sigma_factor
sigb yhcm sigma_factor
sigb ylxp sigma_factor
sigb yxis sigma_factor
sigb ydae sigma_factor
sigb ykgb sigma_factor
sigb soda sigma_factor
sigb yczo sigma_factor
sigb ykzc sigma_factor
sigb yktc sigma_factor
sigb yfhm sigma_factor
sigb ytib sigma_factor
sigb ydae sigma_factor
sigb yfkd sigma_factor
sigb yqhp sigma_factor
sigb aag sigma_factor
sigb iolw sigma_factor
sigb ysnf sigma_factor
sigb ydag sigma_factor
sigb yocb sigma_factor
sigb ydat sigma_factor
sigb dacc sigma_factor
sigb reco sigma_factor
sigb yfkr sigma_factor
sigb ylxr sigma_factor
sigb rsbr sigma_factor
sigb galm sigma_factor
sigb csbx sigma_factor
sigb ycee sigma_factor
sigb ylxq sigma_factor
sigb ykut sigma_factor
sigb rsbs sigma_factor
sigb yfki sigma_factor
sigb rnr sigma_factor
sigb ydap sigma_factor
sigb ohrb sigma_factor
sigb ydag sigma_factor
sigb rsbw sigma_factor
sigb plsc sigma_factor
sigb ydec sigma_factor
sigb rpmeb sigma_factor
sigb yraa sigma_factor
sigb rsbx sigma_factor
sigb ywie sigma_factor
sigb yfks sigma_factor
sigb s1134 sigma_factor
sigb yjbc sigma_factor
sigb yaai sigma_factor
sigb yfhd sigma_factor
sigb ywsa sigma_factor
sigb ywjc sigma_factor
sigb mhqp sigma_factor
sigb ydak sigma_factor
sigb csba sigma_factor
sigb yisp sigma_factor
sigb ohrb sigma_factor
sigb ydhk sigma_factor
sigb yqhq sigma_factor
sigb yoxc sigma_factor
sigb ipi sigma_factor
sigb yuza sigma_factor
sigb ydad sigma_factor
sigb gtab sigma_factor
sigb ydas sigma_factor
sigb bmr sigma_factor
sigb yfkj sigma_factor
sigb yvre sigma_factor
sigb ygxb sigma_factor
sigb mgsr sigma_factor
sigb yflh sigma_factor
sigb yebe sigma_factor
sigb yfkh sigma_factor
sigb ytfp sigma_factor
sigb ipi sigma_factor
sigb yjib sigma_factor
sigb ydad sigma_factor
sigb ytxg sigma_factor
sigb yqhb sigma_factor
sigb ydas sigma_factor
sigb ymae sigma_factor
sigb yhxd sigma_factor
sigb yjze sigma_factor
sigb chaa sigma_factor
sigb s1136 sigma_factor
sigb nade sigma_factor
sigb yxko sigma_factor
sigb nusa sigma_factor
sigb yvak sigma_factor
sigb disa sigma_factor
sigb yhdf sigma_factor
sigb spx sigma_factor
sigb ytkl sigma_factor
sigb bmr sigma_factor
sigb mene sigma_factor
sigb ydam sigma_factor
sigb rsbu sigma_factor
sigb katx sigma_factor
sigb yfli sigma_factor
sigb menc sigma_factor
sigb ycec sigma_factor
sigb cdd sigma_factor
sigb s1384 sigma_factor
sigb clpp sigma_factor
sigb mcsb sigma_factor
sigb ycdf sigma_factor
sigb ywlb sigma_factor
sigb ywmf sigma_factor
sigb yoxb sigma_factor
sigb yyzg sigma_factor
sigb bmrr sigma_factor
sigb ctsr sigma_factor
sigb yjgd sigma_factor
sigb ytxh sigma_factor
sigb ypud sigma_factor
sigb yceg sigma_factor
sigb bofc sigma_factor
sigb yycd sigma_factor
sigb rsbt sigma_factor
sigb aldy sigma_factor
sigb yitt sigma_factor
sigb phop sigma_factor
sigb ydbd sigma_factor
sigb sigb sigma_factor
sigb yaah sigma_factor
sigb cora sigma_factor
sigb bmru sigma_factor
sigb gsib sigma_factor
sigb yxna sigma_factor
sigb yfkm sigma_factor
sigb yjgc sigma_factor
sigb yqzl sigma_factor
sigb bmrr sigma_factor
sigb yoaa sigma_factor
sigb ydan sigma_factor
sigb clpc sigma_factor
sigb secg sigma_factor
sigb yaah sigma_factor
sigb ywjb sigma_factor
sigb rsbrd sigma_factor
sigb ycbp sigma_factor
sigb yfhe sigma_factor
sigb csbd sigma_factor
sigb ypub sigma_factor
sigb yebg sigma_factor
sigb opue sigma_factor
sigb ymzb sigma_factor
sigb ycef sigma_factor
sigb yyzh sigma_factor
sigb mhqo sigma_factor
sigb ytxj sigma_factor
sigb yfla sigma_factor
sigb gabd sigma_factor
sigb yvgn sigma_factor
sigb gspa sigma_factor
sigb yfhk sigma_factor
sigb yvgo sigma_factor
sigb yfkq sigma_factor
sigb rada sigma_factor
sigb yjgb sigma_factor
sigb ywsb sigma_factor
sigb ypuc_2 sigma_factor
sigb csbd sigma_factor
sigb yvbg sigma_factor
sigb ysdb sigma_factor
sigb infb sigma_factor
sigb ypub sigma_factor
sigb yxji sigma_factor
sigb yxjj sigma_factor
sigb opud sigma_factor
sigb ykga sigma_factor
abh yfla repression
abh slrr activation
abh cwls repression
abh sunt activation
abh ycda repression
abh ctae repression
abh ywof repression
abh ctab repression
abh coms repression
abh ylae repression
abh srfac repression
abh suna activation
abh bdbb activation
abh srfab repression
abh srfaa repression
abh bdba activation
abh ctag repression
abh srfad repression
abh yolj activation
abh ctad repression
abh ctac repression
abh pnba activation
abh ctaf repression
sinr epsa anti-activation
sinr lyta repression
sinr sigg repression
sinr phrg repression
sinr lytc repression
sinr slrr repression
sinr apre repression
sinr epr repression
sinr spovg repression
sinr epso anti-activation
sinr epsg anti-activation
sinr spoiiaa repression
sinr epsl anti-activation
sinr tapa repression
sinr kapb repression
sinr kinb repression
sinr degs repression
sinr epsh anti-activation
sinr luta repression
sinr yugo repression
sinr epsf anti-activation
sinr sige repression
sinr epsm anti-activation
sinr epse anti-activation
sinr epsj anti-activation
sinr epsk anti-activation
sinr rapg repression
sinr epsb anti-activation
sinr degu repression
sinr lutb repression
sinr ywbd repression
sinr epsd anti-activation
sinr lutc repression
sinr spoiiab repression
sinr sinr repression
sinr rok repression
sinr spoiiga repression
sinr mstx repression
sinr epsi anti-activation
sinr tasa repression
sinr epsn anti-activation
sinr lytb repression
sinr sini repression
sinr epsc anti-activation
sinr sipw repression
sinr yvgn repression
sinr pnba repression
sinr lytf repression
sinr sigf repression
catr cate repression
catr catd repression
gbsr gbsa repression
gbsr opubb repression
gbsr opubd repression
gbsr opuba repression
gbsr opubc repression
gbsr gbsb repression
swra flgd activation
swra flhf activation
swra flik activation
swra ylxf activation
swra fliz activation
swra flge activation
swra sigd activation
swra swrd activation
swra flil activation
swra chea activation
swra flhg activation
swra flir activation
swra flhb activation
swra flig activation
swra flip activation
swra swrb activation
swra flij activation
swra flik activation
swra chec activation
swra cheb activation
swra flim activation
swra ched activation
swra fliq activation
swra flha activation
swra fliy activation
swra chew activation
swra flii activation
swra flhf activation
swra flif activation
swra chey activation
swra ylxf activation
swra fliz activation
swra flge activation
swra flie activation
swra flgb activation
swra swrd activation
swra flil activation
swra swrb activation
swra sigd activation
swra flgc activation
swra flir activation
swra chea activation
swra flhg activation
swra flhb activation
swra flgd activation
swra flih activation
swra fliq activation
swra flha activation
swra flip activation
swra chey activation
swra fliy activation
swra chew activation
swra chec activation
swra cheb activation
swra flim activation
swra ched activation
rplj rpll termination
rplj rplj termination
sigg yhcn sigma_factor
sigg spovt sigma_factor
sigg cotq sigma_factor
sigg yckd sigma_factor
sigg yvdq sigma_factor
sigg yfhe sigma_factor
sigg ynde sigma_factor
sigg ypza sigma_factor
sigg sspi sigma_factor
sigg ypeb sigma_factor
sigg sspb sigma_factor
sigg yitg sigma_factor
sigg ykot sigma_factor
sigg spoiiaa sigma_factor
sigg ykos sigma_factor
sigg ligd sigma_factor
sigg pbpf sigma_factor
sigg yfhf sigma_factor
sigg yfkt sigma_factor
sigg gerd sigma_factor
sigg spovaf sigma_factor
sigg ybxh sigma_factor
sigg yrae sigma_factor
sigg sigf sigma_factor
sigg spoivb sigma_factor
sigg yqfx sigma_factor
sigg ybak sigma_factor
sigg yxed sigma_factor
sigg yxzf sigma_factor
sigg yozq sigma_factor
sigg exoa sigma_factor
sigg sspm sigma_factor
sigg sspp sigma_factor
sigg sspj sigma_factor
sigg sspa sigma_factor
sigg ccpb sigma_factor
sigg fabl sigma_factor
sigg yhcm sigma_factor
sigg gerba sigma_factor
sigg yrrd sigma_factor
sigg yuzm sigma_factor
sigg yusn sigma_factor
sigg sigg sigma_factor
sigg ctpb sigma_factor
sigg cwld sigma_factor
sigg gerkb sigma_factor
sigg pdaa sigma_factor
sigg splb sigma_factor
sigg yqjc sigma_factor
sigg sspd sigma_factor
sigg yfkr sigma_factor
sigg csbx sigma_factor
sigg yoar sigma_factor
sigg sspc sigma_factor
sigg spovaeb sigma_factor
sigg yitf sigma_factor
sigg spovad sigma_factor
sigg ssph sigma_factor
sigg spoiiaa sigma_factor
sigg yfks sigma_factor
sigg csfg sigma_factor
sigg yfkd sigma_factor
sigg aag sigma_factor
sigg yvea sigma_factor
sigg sspe sigma_factor
sigg gerkc sigma_factor
sigg sspl sigma_factor
sigg yuza sigma_factor
sigg spoiiab sigma_factor
sigg yhcv sigma_factor
sigg ydfr sigma_factor
sigg fabl sigma_factor
sigg stoa sigma_factor
sigg lnrl sigma_factor
sigg fin sigma_factor
sigg azor2 sigma_factor
sigg yqjb sigma_factor
sigg yndd sigma_factor
sigg csga sigma_factor
sigg yfhd sigma_factor
sigg rsfa sigma_factor
sigg yndf sigma_factor
sigg sige sigma_factor
sigg gdh sigma_factor
sigg muty sigma_factor
sigg ykvu sigma_factor
sigg sspn sigma_factor
sigg gerkd sigma_factor
sigg yraf sigma_factor
sigg sspe sigma_factor
sigg yhcq sigma_factor
sigg glcu sigma_factor
sigg geraa sigma_factor
sigg pbpg sigma_factor
sigg lysa sigma_factor
sigg chaa sigma_factor
sigg spoiip sigma_factor
sigg sleb sigma_factor
sigg bofc sigma_factor
sigg ydfs sigma_factor
sigg sspo sigma_factor
sigg gpr sigma_factor
sigg phoa sigma_factor
sigg spovab sigma_factor
sigg gerbc sigma_factor
sigg yisy sigma_factor
sigg ykov sigma_factor
sigg cdas sigma_factor
sigg spoiiab sigma_factor
sigg lnrn sigma_factor
sigg spla sigma_factor
sigg lnrm sigma_factor
sigg tlp sigma_factor
sigg sigf sigma_factor
sigg htrc sigma_factor
sigg ylaj sigma_factor
sigg gerbb sigma_factor
sigg tepa sigma_factor
sigg yrag sigma_factor
sigg gerac sigma_factor
sigg yrad sigma_factor
sigg yfkq sigma_factor
sigg spoiiga sigma_factor
sigg dacf sigma_factor
sigg ylzj sigma_factor
sigg spovac sigma_factor
sigg sspk sigma_factor
sigg adhb sigma_factor
sigg spovaea sigma_factor
sigg ylya sigma_factor
sigg gerab sigma_factor
sigg sspf sigma_factor
sigg ytea sigma_factor
sigg gerka sigma_factor
sigg spovaa sigma_factor
iolr iolh repression
iolr iolj repression
iolr iols repression
iolr iole repression
iolr iold repression
iolr iolg repression
iolr iolr repression
iolr iola repression
iolr iolb repression
iolr iolc repression
iolr iolf repression
iolr ioli repression
iolr iolt repression
tagu tagu auto-repression
ahrc roca activation
ahrc argg repression
ahrc argj repression
ahrc rocg activation
ahrc rocf activation
ahrc argf repression
ahrc rocc activation
ahrc argd repression
ahrc roce activation
ahrc rocb activation
ahrc rocd activation
ahrc argb repression
ahrc argc repression
ahrc argh repression
ahrc carb repression
ahrc cara repression
sigo rsoa sigma_factor
sigo sigo sigma_factor
sigo oxdc sigma_factor
sigo yvrj sigma_factor
sigo rsio sigma_factor
phop refz activation
phop srfac activation
phop pstc activation
phop glpq activation
phop tagg repression
phop skff activation
phop tagb repression
phop glpt activation
phop skfe activation
phop phob activation
phop trer activation
phop resc activation
phop hpf activation
phop yxio activation
phop pstba activation
phop rese activation
phop tagh repression
phop ydjn activation
phop tuag activation
phop srfaa activation
phop psts activation
phop tuae activation
phop srfad activation
phop srfab activation
phop trea activation
phop tagd repression
phop yfkn activation
phop ydjm activation
phop resd activation
phop tagf repression
phop phrk activation
phop resa activation
phop tuad activation
phop tatad activation
phop tage repression
phop psta activation
phop taga repression
phop yjdb activation
phop ydjm activation
phop tuaa_1 activation
phop tatcd activation
phop skfc activation
phop pstbb activation
phop trep activation
phop tuah activation
phop yuri activation
phop resb activation
phop phoa activation
phop tuac activation
phop yycp activation
phop skfb activation
phop tuab activation
phop phop activation
phop skfg activation
phop tuaa_2 activation
phop skfh activation
phop phod activation
phop rapk activation
phop ydhf activation
phop yycq activation
phop yyco activation
phop skfa activation
phop coms activation
phop vpr activation
phop tuaf activation
phop ykzb activation
phop ykol activation
phop phor activation
glnr ureb repression
glnr glna repression
glnr glnr repression
glnr glnr repression
glnr urec repression
glnr alst repression
glnr tnra repression
glnr urea repression
gmur gmud repression
gmur gmua repression
gmur gmuf repression
gmur gmur repression
gmur gmug repression
gmur gmub repression
gmur gmuc repression
gmur gmue repression
kre ykun repression
kre dhbe repression
kre s477 repression
kre dhbb repression
kre dhbc repression
kre dhbf repression
kre pfta repression
kre ykup repression
kre ybdz repression
kre ykop repression
kre dhba repression
kre pftb repression
kre ykuo repression
dnaa vpr repression
dnaa sunt repression
dnaa sact repression
dnaa yxaj repression
dnaa sact repression
dnaa thdf repression
dnaa yybm repression
dnaa yybk repression
dnaa yybn repression
dnaa yybl repression
dnaa noc repression
dnaa gida repression
dnaa suna repression
dnaa yxal repression
dnaa sda activation
dnaa yybj repression
dnaa tsac repression
dnaa bdbb repression
dnaa yyda repression
dnaa gidb repression
dnaa bdba repression
dnaa yolj repression
dnaa ywci repression
sact saca antitermination
sact sacp antitermination
sact ywda antitermination
malr ywkb activation
malr yfls activation
malr maea activation
malr maen activation
csor yoth repression
csor yotg repression
csor yotd repression
csor yotj repression
csor yotb repression
csor yoti repression
csor yotk repression
csor copa repression
csor yotc repression
csor yote repression
csor sprb repression
csor copz repression
csor yotf repression
csor yotm repression
csor yosx repression
exur uxab repression
exur yjmd repression
exur uxaa repression
exur uxab repression
exur yjmb repression
exur exur repression
exur uxua repression
exur yjmd repression
exur exut repression
exur exur repression
exur uxac repression
exur uxua repression
exur exut repression
exur yjmc repression
exur yjmf repression
exur yjmc repression
exur yjmf repression
exur uxaa repression
sens scoc positive_regulation
ytra ytra repression
ytra ytrc repression
ytra ytrg repression
ytra ytre repression
ytra ytrb repression
ytra ywoc repression
ytra ytrf repression
ytra ywod repression
ytra ytrd repression
ytra ywob repression
mgsr mgsr activation
roxs ytdi translation_inhibition
roxs succ translation_inhibition
rema epso activation
rema epsg activation
rema epsl activation
rema opuab activation
rema epsh activation
rema opuaa activation
rema opubb activation
rema epsf activation
rema epsm activation
rema epse activation
rema epsj activation
rema epsk activation
rema epsb activation
rema tapa activation
rema epsd activation
rema opuca activation
rema opuba activation
rema opuac activation
rema opubd activation
rema opubc activation
rema epsi activation
rema epsn activation
rema opucd activation
rema epsc activation
rema opucc activation
rema tasa activation
rema opucb activation
rema epsa activation
rema sipw activation
nagr naga repression
nagr yflh repression
nagr nagp repression
nagr yfli repression
nagr nagr repression
nagr nagb repression
nagr yflg repression
pyrr pyrp termination_antitermination
pyrr pyrab termination_antitermination
pyrr pyraa termination_antitermination
pyrr pyrd termination_antitermination
pyrr pyrc termination_antitermination
pyrr pyre termination_antitermination
pyrr pyrf termination_antitermination
pyrr pyrr termination_antitermination
pyrr pyrb termination_antitermination
pyrr pyrk termination_antitermination
glcr phoc repression
glcr glcr repression
czra czco repression
czra cada repression
czra czcd repression
yofa pyca activation
yofa ftsw activation
sigd yfms sigma_factor
sigd mcpb sigma_factor
sigd yxkh sigma_factor
sigd yabq sigma_factor
sigd divic sigma_factor
sigd lyta sigma_factor
sigd yabo sigma_factor
sigd pgds sigma_factor
sigd flid sigma_factor
sigd flgd sigma_factor
sigd swrb sigma_factor
sigd ywzh sigma_factor
sigd yqas sigma_factor
sigd yvaq sigma_factor
sigd lytc sigma_factor
sigd yoyg sigma_factor
sigd flid sigma_factor
sigd yqar sigma_factor
sigd fliq sigma_factor
sigd flgm sigma_factor
sigd flha sigma_factor
sigd chea sigma_factor
sigd chew sigma_factor
sigd minj sigma_factor
sigd yscb sigma_factor
sigd yoah sigma_factor
sigd cged sigma_factor
sigd chey sigma_factor
sigd ytlp sigma_factor
sigd fliy sigma_factor
sigd swraa_2 sigma_factor
sigd yvie sigma_factor
sigd flhg sigma_factor
sigd flhb sigma_factor
sigd ybdo sigma_factor
sigd flig sigma_factor
sigd lytd sigma_factor
sigd epr sigma_factor
sigd comfb sigma_factor
sigd csra sigma_factor
sigd flip sigma_factor
sigd yabr sigma_factor
sigd hpf sigma_factor
sigd xkda sigma_factor
sigd swraa_2 sigma_factor
sigd flgk sigma_factor
sigd tlpc sigma_factor
sigd mota sigma_factor
sigd chev sigma_factor
sigd flij sigma_factor
sigd flik sigma_factor
sigd flgl sigma_factor
sigd nfra sigma_factor
sigd siga sigma_factor
sigd chec sigma_factor
sigd yjfb sigma_factor
sigd degr sigma_factor
sigd chea sigma_factor
sigd cheb sigma_factor
sigd flim sigma_factor
sigd flis sigma_factor
sigd smia sigma_factor
sigd ched sigma_factor
sigd ytlr sigma_factor
sigd s1350 sigma_factor
sigd flho sigma_factor
sigd yjcq sigma_factor
sigd flhg sigma_factor
sigd flis sigma_factor
sigd flii sigma_factor
sigd flhf sigma_factor
sigd flhb sigma_factor
sigd yvyc sigma_factor
sigd flgd sigma_factor
sigd flif sigma_factor
sigd flgb sigma_factor
sigd ylxf sigma_factor
sigd fliz sigma_factor
sigd yvyf sigma_factor
sigd yvyg sigma_factor
sigd dlte sigma_factor
sigd flge sigma_factor
sigd yvyc sigma_factor
sigd yabm sigma_factor
sigd flie sigma_factor
sigd hemat sigma_factor
sigd flip sigma_factor
sigd dltb sigma_factor
sigd sigd sigma_factor
sigd flik sigma_factor
sigd ywch sigma_factor
sigd swrd sigma_factor
sigd flil sigma_factor
sigd swrb sigma_factor
sigd yabp sigma_factor
sigd flit sigma_factor
sigd hag sigma_factor
sigd tlpb sigma_factor
sigd chec sigma_factor
sigd rnac sigma_factor
sigd cheb sigma_factor
sigd flim sigma_factor
sigd cgec sigma_factor
sigd yjcp sigma_factor
sigd flgc sigma_factor
sigd ched sigma_factor
sigd flit sigma_factor
sigd flir sigma_factor
sigd rnhb sigma_factor
sigd dltd sigma_factor
sigd dltc sigma_factor
sigd yjcm sigma_factor
sigd flhf sigma_factor
sigd lytf sigma_factor
sigd tlpa sigma_factor
sigd flhp sigma_factor
sigd cwls sigma_factor
sigd comfa sigma_factor
sigd fliw sigma_factor
sigd ylxf sigma_factor
sigd fliz sigma_factor
sigd ylqh sigma_factor
sigd lytb sigma_factor
sigd cwlq sigma_factor
sigd flge sigma_factor
sigd yabn sigma_factor
sigd sigd sigma_factor
sigd mcpc sigma_factor
sigd flih sigma_factor
sigd dlta sigma_factor
sigd swra sigma_factor
sigd swrd sigma_factor
sigd flil sigma_factor
sigd fliq sigma_factor
sigd comfc sigma_factor
sigd motb sigma_factor
sigd flha sigma_factor
sigd amyx sigma_factor
sigd cgee sigma_factor
sigd ytlq sigma_factor
sigd yfmt sigma_factor
sigd sivc sigma_factor
sigd yxkc sigma_factor
sigd csra sigma_factor
sigd ylqg sigma_factor
sigd chey sigma_factor
sigd mcpa sigma_factor
sigd fliy sigma_factor
sigd yvbi sigma_factor
sigd dgcw sigma_factor
sigd chew sigma_factor
sigd flir sigma_factor
acor acoa activation
acor acol activation
acor acoc activation
acor acob activation
yclj yfjr activation
yclj ykcb activation
yclj ykcc activation
yclj yyca activation
yclj yngc activation
yclj ycli activation
yclj yngb activation
yclj yclh activation
yclj ynga activation
yvrhb rsoa activation
yvrhb lyta repression
yvrhb sunt activation
yvrhb sigo activation
yvrhb wapi activation
yvrhb lytc repression
yvrhb rsix activation
yvrhb dlte activation
yvrhb dltb activation
yvrhb suna activation
yvrhb wapa activation
yvrhb dltd activation
yvrhb dltc activation
yvrhb bdbb activation
yvrhb bdba activation
yvrhb wpra activation
yvrhb dlta activation
yvrhb sigx activation
yvrhb yolj activation
yvrhb lytb repression
yvrhb ywzh activation
fnr fnr activation
fnr nark activation
fnr arfm activation
fnr acoa indirect_positive_regulation
fnr acol indirect_positive_regulation
fnr nari activation
fnr acoc indirect_positive_regulation
fnr narh activation
fnr narg activation
fnr acob indirect_positive_regulation
fnr narj activation
fnr fnr activation
ykrk htpx repression
ykrk ykrk autoregulation
yodb cate repression
yodb azor1 repression
yodb yodc repression
yodb catd repression
yodb yodb repression
ascr cmoo activation
ascr snaa activation
ascr tcyj activation
ascr snda activation
ascr tcyk activation
ascr cmoi activation
ascr tcym activation
ascr ytnm activation
ascr cmoj activation
ascr tcyl activation
ascr tcyn activation
ascr ribr activation
coma coms activation
coma acpa activation
coma rape activation
coma srfac activation
coma rapa activation
coma fabd activation
coma rapf activation
coma srfaa activation
coma pel activation
coma phre activation
coma ywhh activation
coma srfad activation
coma srfab activation
coma rapc activation
coma phra activation
coma fabg activation
coma ycxa activation
coma phre activation
coma phrf activation
coma rapi activation
coma fapr activation
coma plsx activation
coma lutp activation
coma phrc activation
coma degq activation
coma phri activation
mdtr mdtr repression
mdtr mdtp repression
ohrr ohra repression
rsfa rsfa repression
rsfa katx activation
kipr ycsi repression
kipr kipr repression
kipr pxpb repression
kipr pxpa repression
kipr ycsg repression
kipr pxpc repression
kipr lipc repression
walr tagg activation
walr pdac repression
walr ydjn activation
walr tagb activation
walr wapi repression
walr tagh activation
walr ykpc activation
walr mrebh activation
walr ftsa activation
walr sigi activation
walr ydjm activation
walr tagd activation
walr ydjm activation
walr tagf activation
walr tage activation
walr taga activation
walr yoch activation
walr lyte activation
walr ykvt activation
walr wapa repression
walr ykzs activation
walr cwlo activation
walr isea repression
walr rsgi activation
walr ftsz activation
frur frur repression
frur fruk repression
frur frua repression
sigy yxlg sigma_factor
sigy yxle sigma_factor
sigy yxld sigma_factor
sigy ybgb sigma_factor
sigy sigy sigma_factor
sigy yxlc sigma_factor
sigy yxlf sigma_factor
rplt ysda termination
rplt rpmi termination
rplt rplt termination
rplt infc termination
sknr yqaf repression
sknr yqda repression
sknr yqzo repression
sknr yqal repression
sknr yqaj repression
sknr yqah repression
sknr yqam repression
sknr yqan repression
sknr yqak repression
sknr yqag repression
sknr yqai repression
tnra yvgt repression
tnra appf activation
tnra urea activation
tnra oppc activation
tnra oppf activation
tnra pucm activation
tnra yfis activation
tnra ycsi activation
tnra nrgb activation
tnra oppa activation
tnra ytta repression
tnra gabp activation
tnra ureb activation
tnra appd activation
tnra ansz activation
tnra thrb repression
tnra nasa activation
tnra pyca repression
tnra ftsw repression
tnra ywdi repression
tnra kipr activation
tnra ysnd activation
tnra pucm activation
tnra yoyd repression
tnra degu repression
tnra pxpb activation
tnra yuib repression
tnra oppd activation
tnra glnh activation
tnra ycsg activation
tnra glna repression
tnra pel repression
tnra yrbd activation
tnra pxpa activation
tnra yycc repression
tnra yodf repression
tnra nasc activation
tnra ilvh repression
tnra nasf activation
tnra pxpc activation
tnra yycc repression
tnra leua repression
tnra yycb repression
tnra ywdj repression
tnra nasd activation
tnra hom repression
tnra pucl activation
tnra yycb repression
tnra ilvc repression
tnra glnr repression
tnra pucr activation
tnra ywdk repression
tnra nrga activation
tnra appa_1 activation
tnra yyca repression
tnra ywrd activation
tnra pucj activation
tnra ywlg repression
tnra ywlf repression
tnra lipc activation
tnra nase activation
tnra degs repression
tnra leub repression
tnra puck activation
tnra glnp activation
tnra yfir activation
tnra gltb repression
tnra appc activation
tnra appa_2 activation
tnra glnr repression
tnra oppb activation
tnra ilvb repression
tnra glnq activation
tnra ykzb activation
tnra nasb activation
tnra leuc repression
tnra ykol activation
tnra dtpt activation
tnra alst repression
tnra pucj activation
tnra glta repression
tnra yxkc activation
tnra leud repression
tnra puck activation
tnra yuia repression
tnra urec activation
tnra tnra activation
tnra appb activation
tnra thrc repression
tnra glnm activation
tnra pucl activation
gltc gltc auto-repression
gltc gltb activation
gltc glta activation
sr6 yont antisense_RNA
sala scoc negative_regulation
sala sala repression
nusa infb attenuation
nusa ylxs attenuation
nusa rbfa attenuation
nusa ylxp attenuation
nusa ylxr attenuation
nusa ylxq attenuation
nusa nusa attenuation
kdgr kdud repression
kdgr kdgk repression
kdgr kdgt repression
kdgr kdui repression
kdgr kdgr repression
kdgr kdga repression
fadr fadm repression
fadr fada repression
fadr fada repression
fadr lcfb repression
fadr fadf repression
fadr lcfa repression
fadr fadn repression
fadr fadh repression
fadr fade repression
fadr etfb repression
fadr fadn repression
fadr fade repression
fadr ykzu repression
fadr etfa repression
fadr fadr repression
fadr fadg repression
fadr fadb repression
fadr rpoe repression
fadr acda repression
spla splb negative_autoregulation
spla spla negative_autoregulation
alsr alsd activation
alsr alss activation
ctsr rada repression
ctsr trxa repression
ctsr clpx repression
ctsr mcsa repression
ctsr clpe repression
ctsr clpp repression
ctsr disa repression
ctsr mcsb repression
ctsr ysxc repression
ctsr ctsr repression
ctsr lona repression
ctsr clpc repression
cody citb repression
cody chew repression
cody urec repression
cody putc repression
cody sigd repression
cody pksh activation
cody ynen repression
cody chey repression
cody swrd repression
cody flil repression
cody guab activation
cody kapb repression
cody fliy repression
cody bcap repression
cody ilva repression
cody flir repression
cody rape repression
cody dppb repression
cody appf repression
cody srfac repression
cody oppc repression
cody metn activation
cody baca repression
cody yxba repression
cody ytzk repression
cody kinb repression
cody oppf repression
cody rocc repression
cody thrb repression
cody pksf activation
cody phre repression
cody dppb repression
cody pksr activation
cody flgd repression
cody urea repression
cody bacb repression
cody oppa repression
cody gabp repression
cody pksg activation
cody hutp repression
cody hutm repression
cody argj repression
cody ykfb repression
cody pksd activation
cody rocf repression
cody swrb repression
cody bacd repression
cody yuib repression
cody rapa repression
cody appd repression
cody ywaa repression
cody pksm activation
cody ykfd repression
cody ansz repression
cody chea repression
cody nupq repression
cody ycga repression
cody rocb repression
cody trmfo repression
cody metp activation
cody fliq repression
cody ureb repression
cody flha repression
cody comk repression
cody fliy repression
cody srfaa repression
cody argf repression
cody dppc repression
cody flhg repression
cody chew repression
cody apre repression
cody flhb repression
cody chey repression
cody srfad repression
cody srfab repression
cody oppd repression
cody rapc repression
cody ilvh repression
cody dppc repression
cody flig repression
cody frln repression
cody argd repression
cody metq activation
cody yhjb repression
cody yxnb repression
cody roce repression
cody hom repression
cody bkdb repression
cody yxbd repression
cody nupn repression
cody flip repression
cody ypmp repression
cody frlo repression
cody pksl activation
cody yhjc repression
cody leua repression
cody brab repression
cody phre repression
cody bacc repression
cody codv repression
cody tyrs repression
cody pksn activation
cody flij repression
cody flik repression
cody frlm repression
cody phra repression
cody chec repression
cody cheb repression
cody flim repression
cody mpr repression
cody nupp repression
cody ykfa repression
cody ched repression
cody bcd repression
cody bkdaa repression
cody hag repression
cody npre repression
cody bacg repression
cody chea repression
cody ilvc repression
cody huti repression
cody putp repression
cody yxnb repression
cody flii repression
cody flhf repression
cody ybge repression
cody hutu repression
cody appa_1 repression
cody clpq repression
cody bacf repression
cody lpdv repression
cody flgb repression
cody ispa repression
cody rocd repression
cody ylxf repression
cody fliz repression
cody flhg repression
cody frld repression
cody dppd repression
cody flge repression
cody flhb repression
cody asnh repression
cody flgd repression
cody dppe repression
cody flie repression
cody sigd repression
cody argb repression
cody nupo repression
cody swrd repression
cody flil repression
cody swrb repression
cody dppd repression
cody phrc repression
cody leub repression
cody yxbb repression
cody clpy repression
cody argc repression
cody huth repression
cody dppe repression
cody flip repression
cody pksj activation
cody oppb repression
cody frlb repression
cody flik repression
cody acsa repression
cody appc repression
cody appa_2 repression
cody flgc repression
cody flif repression
cody flir repression
cody guac activation
cody ilvb repression
cody bkdr repression
cody scoc negative_regulation
cody chec repression
cody ilvd repression
cody cheb repression
cody flim repression
cody thrd repression
cody pkse activation
cody ched repression
cody ptb repression
cody yuia repression
cody vpr repression
cody yurj repression
cody acpk activation
cody bace repression
cody hutg repression
cody leuc repression
cody dppa repression
cody yuic repression
cody carb repression
cody roca repression
cody yxba repression
cody cara repression
cody ytzk repression
cody yxbb repression
cody flhf repression
cody yxbc repression
cody pksi activation
cody cody repression
cody ykfc repression
cody thrc repression
cody appb repression
cody putb repression
cody ylxf repression
cody flih repression
cody dppa repression
cody acka activation
cody yxam repression
cody fliz repression
cody bkdab repression
cody acsa repression
cody fliq repression
cody leud repression
cody buk repression
cody amhx repression
cody pksc activation
cody flha repression
cody flge repression
cody coms repression
cody ylma repression
cody ybfj repression
cody yurj repression
spoiiid cotjb activation
spoiiid germ repression
spoiiid spoivca activation
spoiiid cott activation
spoiiid cotf activation
spoiiid sigk activation
spoiiid mure repression
spoiiid cotd repression
spoiiid spove repression
spoiiid murg repression
spoiiid sbp repression
spoiiid pdab repression
spoiiid yugu repression
spoiiid ylmc repression
spoiiid spoiva repression
spoiiid spoiiiac repression
spoiiid cmpa activation
spoiiid cotja activation
spoiiid cotx activation
spoiiid yuzh repression
spoiiid divib repression
spoiiid yqfz repression
spoiiid ispg repression
spoiiid yesk activation
spoiiid cotw activation
spoiiid sigkc activation
spoiiid spoivfb repression
spoiiid spoiiiah repression
spoiiid spoiiiag repression
spoiiid yqfc repression
spoiiid divib repression
spoiiid spoiid repression
spoiiid yhed activation
spoiiid ylxx repression
spoiiid murb repression
spoiiid coth activation
spoiiid mray repression
spoiiid yqhv repression
spoiiid yhax repression
spoiiid spovv repression
spoiiid spoiiiad repression
spoiiid spoiiiae repression
spoiiid cotb activation
spoiiid yknt activation
spoiiid cotv activation
spoiiid spoiiiaf repression
spoiiid yqfd repression
spoiiid ylxx repression
spoiiid murb repression
spoiiid gerr activation
spoiiid cotjc activation
spoiiid ypjb repression
spoiiid spoiiiab repression
spoiiid yaah repression
spoiiid gere activation
spoiiid spovd repression
spoiiid cwlj activation
spoiiid spoiiiaa repression
spoiiid cotc repression
spoiiid murd repression
spoiiid ylxw repression
spoiiid yesj activation
spoiiid spovk activation
spoiiid yrze repression
spoiiid yhec activation
spoiiid spoivfa repression
spoiiid ywrj activation
spoiiid ylxw repression
spoiiid murg repression
spoiiid spovb repression
spoiiid sbp repression
spoiiid spovm activation
spoiiid bofa repression
hypr hypr activation
hypr hypo activation
ntdr ntdc positive_regulation
ntdr ntdb positive_regulation
ntdr ntda positive_regulation
ntdr glcp positive_regulation
slrr lyta repression
slrr lytc repression
slrr lytf repression
slrr lytb repression
gutr gutb activation
gutr fruc activation
gutr gutp activation
csra hag translation_inhibition
rghr phrg repression
rghr phrh repression
rghr rapd repression
rghr yvam repression
rghr rapg repression
rghr raph repression
rghr phrh repression
psdr psda activation
psdr psdr activation
psdr psdb activation
psdr psds activation
ycnk ycnk repression
ycnk ycnj repression
ycnk ycni repression
mhqr mhqn repression
mhqr mhqa repression
mhqr mhqe repression
mhqr azor2 repression
mhqr mhqp repression
mhqr mhqp repression
mhqr mhqo repression
mhqr mhqd repression
mhqr mhqo repression
as_bsrh rata antisense_RNA
as_bsrh bsrh antisense_RNA
bmrr bmr activation
bmrr bmrr activation
opcr opubb repression
opcr opubd repression
opcr opuca repression
opcr opuba repression
opcr opubc repression
opcr opucd repression
opcr opucc repression
opcr opucb repression
zur ycic repression
zur fole2 repression
zur rpsnb repression
zur ycic repression
zur rpmgc repression
zur zint repression
zur yczl repression
zur ycib repression
zur rpmeb repression
zur znub repression
zur yczl repression
zur znuc repression
zur znua repression
cssr yirb activation
cssr csss activation
cssr htrb activation
cssr cssr activation
cssr htra activation
thrr thrc repression
thrr thrb repression
thrr hom repression
thrr thrd repression
arar arae repression
arar aram repression
arar arad repression
arar aral repression
arar arap repression
arar aran repression
arar arar repression
arar araq repression
arar arab repression
arar abfa repression
arar abf2 repression
arar abna repression
arar araa repression
mta bltd activation
mta blt activation
mta ymfh activation
mta ydfk activation
mta bmr activation
mta bmrr activation
mta ymff activation
mta mta activation
mta ymfd activation
padr yvef repression
padr yveg repression
padr padc repression
purr purk repression
purr purl repression
purr purn repression
purr purr repression
purr ispe repression
purr purb repression
purr purh repression
purr purm repression
purr pbuo repression
purr nusb repression
purr purf repression
purr yabj repression
purr pura repression
purr pbux repression
purr xpt repression
purr glya repression
purr pbug repression
purr purc repression
purr purq repression
purr guac repression
purr fold repression
purr pure repression
purr purs repression
purr purd repression
ader ald activation
glvr mala activation
glvr glvr activation
glvr malp activation
cggr cggr repression
cggr pgm repression
cggr pgk repression
cggr gapa repression
cggr tpi repression
cggr gapa repression
cggr eno repression
cggr cggr repression
rsoa rsoa sigma_factor
rsoa sigo sigma_factor
rsoa oxdc sigma_factor
rsoa yvrj sigma_factor
rsoa rsio sigma_factor
xylr xyla repression
xylr xylb repression
xylr xynb repression
xylr xynp repression
adhr adha activation
adhr yraa activation
adhr yraa activation
arsr arsb repression
arsr arsr repression
arsr yqck repression
arsr arsc repression
rex yjlc repression
rex ldh repression
rex cydb repression
rex roxs repression
rex cyda repression
rex cydc repression
rex ndh repression
rex ywcj repression
rex lctp repression
rex cydd repression
rex alsd repression
rex alss repression
rex hemz repression
hprt hprt activation
hprt ftsh activation
hprt tils activation
pamr pamr repression
pamr ydcg repression
pamr ydcf repression
yfhp fabl repression
yfhp sspe repression
yfhp fabl repression
yfhp muty repression
yfhp sspe repression
glct ptsi antitermination
glct ptsh antitermination
glct ptsg antitermination
hutp hutg antitermination
hutp hutp antitermination
hutp hutm antitermination
hutp huti antitermination
hutp hutu antitermination
hutp huth antitermination
rocr rocg activation
rocr lexa autorepression
rocr rocc activation
rocr rocf activation
rocr rocb activation
rocr roce activation
rocr rocd activation
rocr rocr autorepression
rocr roca activation
rhgr yesw activation
rhgr rhgr activation
rhgr yesv activation
rhgr yesx activation
rhgr yesy activation
rhgr yest activation
rhgr yesu activation
rhgr yesz activation
yetl yetm repression
chrs ywrb repression
chrs chrs repression
chrs ywra repression
bcer bcea activation
bcer bceb activation
putr putp activation
putr putb activation
putr putc activation
ywcc slra repression
mifm yidc2 attenuation
mifm mifm attenuation
gabr gabd activation
gabr gabr negative_autoregulation
gabr gabt activation
gabr gabd activation
ywbi ywbh activation
ywbi ywbg activation
fsra glta translation_inhibition
fsra leuc translation_repression
fsra leud translation_repression
fsra dctp translation_inhibition
fsra citb translation_repression
fsra ynen translation_repression
fsra luta translation_repression
fsra lutb translation_repression
fsra lutc translation_repression
fsra sdha translation_inhibition
fsra sdhb translation_inhibition
fsra sdhc translation_inhibition
fsra gltb translation_inhibition
sigf tuaf sigma_factor
sigf clpc sigma_factor
sigf gmk sigma_factor
sigf spoiiaa sigma_factor
sigf gerab sigma_factor
sigf yloc sigma_factor
sigf arsc sigma_factor
sigf yqhg sigma_factor
sigf gerd sigma_factor
sigf yabs sigma_factor
sigf yjba sigma_factor
sigf hprt sigma_factor
sigf comge sigma_factor
sigf rada sigma_factor
sigf sigf sigma_factor
sigf spoivb sigma_factor
sigf yetf sigma_factor
sigf yfhf sigma_factor
sigf yhfm sigma_factor
sigf ftsh sigma_factor
sigf yhcm sigma_factor
sigf pbpi sigma_factor
sigf ytfi sigma_factor
sigf lonb sigma_factor
sigf yloh sigma_factor
sigf arsb sigma_factor
sigf tuag sigma_factor
sigf ypfb sigma_factor
sigf comgg sigma_factor
sigf mcsa sigma_factor
sigf csbx sigma_factor
sigf lpld sigma_factor
sigf arsr sigma_factor
sigf sigg sigma_factor
sigf ylbb sigma_factor
sigf spoiiaa sigma_factor
sigf tuae sigma_factor
sigf cith sigma_factor
sigf cydb sigma_factor
sigf csfg sigma_factor
sigf spoiiq sigma_factor
sigf spoiiab sigma_factor
sigf yqhp sigma_factor
sigf lnrl sigma_factor
sigf tuad sigma_factor
sigf fin sigma_factor
sigf ylbc sigma_factor
sigf yrrs sigma_factor
sigf comgf sigma_factor
sigf spoiip sigma_factor
sigf cyda sigma_factor
sigf rema sigma_factor
sigf yabt sigma_factor
sigf cydc sigma_factor
sigf sspn sigma_factor
sigf yfhd sigma_factor
sigf rsfa sigma_factor
sigf tuah sigma_factor
sigf ywnj sigma_factor
sigf tuaa_1 sigma_factor
sigf yqhq sigma_factor
sigf ywzb sigma_factor
sigf yqhh sigma_factor
sigf spoiip sigma_factor
sigf sige sigma_factor
sigf yqck sigma_factor
sigf bofc sigma_factor
sigf seaa sigma_factor
sigf ypha sigma_factor
sigf yhfw sigma_factor
sigf gerw sigma_factor
sigf csfb sigma_factor
sigf tuac sigma_factor
sigf spoiiab sigma_factor
sigf lnrn sigma_factor
sigf geraa sigma_factor
sigf lnrm sigma_factor
sigf gpr sigma_factor
sigf tlp sigma_factor
sigf pbpg sigma_factor
sigf katx sigma_factor
sigf comgd sigma_factor
sigf sigf sigma_factor
sigf comga sigma_factor
sigf disa sigma_factor
sigf yyac sigma_factor
sigf comgb sigma_factor
sigf spoiie sigma_factor
sigf tuaa_2 sigma_factor
sigf mcsb sigma_factor
sigf spoiit sigma_factor
sigf dacf sigma_factor
sigf comgc sigma_factor
sigf ctsr sigma_factor
sigf tuab sigma_factor
sigf tils sigma_factor
sigf cydd sigma_factor
sigf muraa sigma_factor
sigf gerac sigma_factor
sigf spoiir sigma_factor
sigf yhcn sigma_factor
sigf spovt sigma_factor
sigf spoiiil sigma_factor
sigf yckd sigma_factor
sigf spoiiga sigma_factor
sigf rpph sigma_factor
sigf yuic sigma_factor
sigf yfhe sigma_factor
sigf yqxa sigma_factor
sigf yqzg sigma_factor
sigv mmgf sigma_factor
sigv ytwf sigma_factor
sigv yrhj sigma_factor
sigv cotp sigma_factor
sigv dlta sigma_factor
sigv scoa sigma_factor
sigv minc sigma_factor
sigv ydgb sigma_factor
sigv mmgd sigma_factor
sigv mmgc sigma_factor
sigv dltc sigma_factor
sigv oata sigma_factor
sigv ydga sigma_factor
sigv yrhh sigma_factor
sigv yugu sigma_factor
sigv scob sigma_factor
sigv ywzh sigma_factor
sigv minc sigma_factor
sigv sasa sigma_factor
sigv yebc sigma_factor
sigv yvae sigma_factor
sigv hbut sigma_factor
sigv yuzh sigma_factor
sigv spoiib sigma_factor
sigv bcrc sigma_factor
sigv mrec sigma_factor
sigv yqjl sigma_factor
sigv mreb sigma_factor
sigv pbpx sigma_factor
sigv radc sigma_factor
sigv sigv sigma_factor
sigv mind sigma_factor
sigv rsiv sigma_factor
sigv yvad sigma_factor
sigv yrhk sigma_factor
sigv yocl sigma_factor
sigv ycgr sigma_factor
sigv mred sigma_factor
sigv mrec sigma_factor
sigv ycgq sigma_factor
sigv mreb sigma_factor
sigv fatr sigma_factor
sigv murf sigma_factor
sigv dltb sigma_factor
sigv yxjf sigma_factor
sigv mmgb sigma_factor
sigv ddl sigma_factor
sigv dlte sigma_factor
sigv mind sigma_factor
sigv abh sigma_factor
sigv mmge sigma_factor
sigv mred sigma_factor
sigv mmga sigma_factor
sigv yvaf sigma_factor
sigv ytvb sigma_factor
sigv dltd sigma_factor
sigv maf sigma_factor
nhax nhac activation
aser ydzs_1 repression
aser ydzs_2 repression
aser aser repression
aser asea repression
lexa reca repression
lexa bstg repression
lexa yqjx repression
lexa ytsj repression
lexa pcra repression
lexa yneb repression
lexa yhje repression
lexa lexa repression
lexa ydgg repression
lexa yozk repression
lexa yerh repression
lexa yolc repression
lexa uvrx repression
lexa yqzh repression
lexa ynea repression
lexa yqjy repression
lexa yozl repression
lexa yqjz repression
lexa yham repression
lexa ydio repression
lexa yqkc repression
lexa yhaz repression
lexa yozm repression
lexa uvra repression
lexa dnae repression
lexa cwld repression
lexa xkda repression
lexa yold repression
lexa ybak repression
lexa yorc repression
lexa pcrb repression
lexa yobh repression
lexa hbs repression
lexa parc repression
lexa yqhb repression
lexa ydgh repression
lexa pare repression
lexa uvrc repression
lexa sda repression
lexa ydip repression
lexa poly2 repression
lexa ypud repression
lexa yqka repression
lexa uvrb repression
lexa yhjd repression
lexa ynzc repression
lexa cora repression
lexa ykvr repression
lexa ruvb repression
lexa yqkb repression
lexa sbce repression
lexa aprx repression
lexa ruva repression
lexa yhao repression
lexa yorb repression
lexa rocr autorepression
lexa tagc repression
lexa sipv repression
lexa liga repression
lexa vpr repression
degu ylxf regulation
degu flih repression
degu yvza activation
degu yvcb activation
degu csra activation
degu fliz regulation
degu fliq repression
degu flha repression
degu flge regulation
degu yxjj repression
degu chew repression
degu sacb activation
degu sigd regulation
degu chey repression
degu swrd regulation
degu flil regulation
degu ptka activation
degu fliy repression
degu yxji repression
degu flir regulation
degu wapi repression
degu yukb activation
degu yxji repression
degu degu activation
degu flgd repression
degu flgm activation
degu minj activation
degu capb activation
degu apre activation
degu yukc activation
degu yloa repression
degu yued activation
degu swrb regulation
degu yvca activation
degu swraa_2 activation
degu sacx activation
degu swraa_2 activation
degu chea repression
degu yvie activation
degu bsla activation
degu sipt activation
degu fliq regulation
degu yvea activation
degu flha regulation
degu sacy activation
degu fliy regulation
degu flhg repression
degu chew regulation
degu epr activation
degu comfb activation
degu flhb repression
degu yuke activation
degu chey regulation
degu comk activation
degu yueb activation
degu flig repression
degu flgk activation
degu flip repression
degu flgl activation
degu bpr activation
degu levb activation
degu flij repression
degu ugd activation
degu flik repression
degu yuec activation
degu chec repression
degu wapa repression
degu cheb repression
degu flim repression
degu degs activation
degu ched repression
degu chea regulation
degu yvyf activation
degu yvyg activation
degu flii repression
degu flhf repression
degu flgb repression
degu ylxf repression
degu fliz repression
degu flhg regulation
degu flge repression
degu flhb regulation
degu flgd regulation
degu flie repression
degu sigd repression
degu capc activation
degu swrd repression
degu flil repression
degu yukd activation
degu flip regulation
degu capa activation
degu flik regulation
degu swra activation
degu flgc repression
degu flif repression
degu flir repression
degu comfa activation
degu fliw activation
degu degq activation
degu chec regulation
degu cape activation
degu cheb regulation
degu flim regulation
degu ched regulation
degu ycda activation
degu swrb repression
degu comfc activation
degu ptpz activation
degu flhf regulation
degu tkma activation
natr nata activation
natr natb activation
azlb azlb repression
azlb azlc repression
azlb yrdk repression
azlb brnq repression
azlb azld repression
hxlr hxlb activation
hxlr hxla activation
sigh phri sigma_factor
sigh dnag sigma_factor
sigh vpr sigma_factor
sigh yqxd sigma_factor
sigh yisk sigma_factor
sigh urec sigma_factor
sigh spo0m sigma_factor
sigh spoiiaa sigma_factor
sigh abn2 sigma_factor
sigh phrg sigma_factor
sigh kina sigma_factor
sigh raca sigma_factor
sigh ftsa sigma_factor
sigh spovs sigma_factor
sigh urea sigma_factor
sigh rapf sigma_factor
sigh hpf sigma_factor
sigh phre sigma_factor
sigh dacc sigma_factor
sigh galm sigma_factor
sigh siga sigma_factor
sigh minc sigma_factor
sigh ureb sigma_factor
sigh spo0a sigma_factor
sigh spovg sigma_factor
sigh spoiiab sigma_factor
sigh phrk sigma_factor
sigh yisl sigma_factor
sigh rapc sigma_factor
sigh siga sigma_factor
sigh rapg sigma_factor
sigh phrf sigma_factor
sigh citg sigma_factor
sigh spo0f sigma_factor
sigh hbs sigma_factor
sigh ytxg sigma_factor
sigh mrec sigma_factor
sigh mreb sigma_factor
sigh rapi sigma_factor
sigh ytxh sigma_factor
sigh lyte sigma_factor
sigh cwls sigma_factor
sigh mind sigma_factor
sigh sigf sigma_factor
sigh ftsz sigma_factor
sigh ytxj sigma_factor
sigh mred sigma_factor
sigh phrc sigma_factor
sigh rapk sigma_factor
trer trer repression
trer trea repression
trer trep repression
immr ydcs repression
immr ydzl repression
immr nick repression
immr cong repression
immr s172 repression
immr ydco repression
immr ydcp repression
immr ydct repression
immr ydcq repression
immr yddj repression
immr conc repression
immr xis repression
immr yddi repression
immr ydda repression
immr cond repression
immr conb repression
immr cwlt repression
immr cone repression
immr yddf repression
mtrb tyra termination_antitermination
mtrb hisc termination_antitermination
mtrb trpc termination_antitermination
mtrb trpb termination_antitermination
mtrb trpc termination_antitermination
mtrb trpb termination_antitermination
mtrb trpp translation_inhibition
mtrb ycbk translation_inhibition
mtrb trpd termination_antitermination
mtrb trpa termination_antitermination
mtrb trpf termination_antitermination
mtrb trpd termination_antitermination
mtrb trpa termination_antitermination
mtrb trpf termination_antitermination
mtrb paba translation_inhibition
mtrb trpe termination_antitermination
mtrb aroe termination_antitermination
mtrb trpe termination_antitermination
licr licc activation
licr licb activation
licr lica activation
licr lich activation
citb feua translation_control
citb feub translation_control
citb qoxc mRNA_binding
citb qoxd mRNA_binding
citb qoxb mRNA_binding
citb ybba translation_control
citb mdh mRNA_destabilization
citb icd mRNA_destabilization
citb feuc translation_control
citb citz mRNA_destabilization
citb gere mRNA_binding
citb qoxa mRNA_binding
thi_box thid RNA_switch
thi_box thix RNA_switch
thi_box thit RNA_switch
thi_box thio RNA_switch
thi_box thiw RNA_switch
thi_box thic RNA_switch
thi_box thiv RNA_switch
thi_box this RNA_switch
thi_box thif RNA_switch
thi_box thig RNA_switch
thi_box tena RNA_switch
thi_box teni RNA_switch
thi_box ylmb RNA_switch
thi_box thiu RNA_switch
ccpa msmr repression
ccpa uxaa repression
ccpa sacc repression
ccpa acka activation
ccpa mmgd repression
ccpa mmgc repression
ccpa leud activation
ccpa abna repression
ccpa ytzk repression
ccpa fada repression
ccpa ykul repression
ccpa gntk repression
ccpa phre repression
ccpa trer repression
ccpa yslb mechanism_unknown
ccpa gmud repression
ccpa glpd repression
ccpa galt repression
ccpa gmua repression
ccpa csta repression
ccpa yxie repression
ccpa glpq repression
ccpa msme repression
ccpa rbsa repression
ccpa cimh repression
ccpa uxab repression
ccpa mlen repression
ccpa rbsk repression
ccpa bgls repression
ccpa acub repression
ccpa citb repression
ccpa scob repression
ccpa gmuf repression
ccpa hutm repression
ccpa saca repression
ccpa licc repression
ccpa kdud repression
ccpa ynen repression
ccpa gntz repression
ccpa mlea repression
ccpa cydb repression
ccpa drm repression
ccpa rapf repression
ccpa iolj repression
ccpa glpt repression
ccpa bglp repression
ccpa kdgk repression
ccpa yjmd repression
ccpa lcfb repression
ccpa pfta repression
ccpa mdh repression
ccpa uxaa repression
ccpa rbsc repression
ccpa rocg repression
ccpa resc repression
ccpa kdgt repression
ccpa csbx repression
ccpa msme repression
ccpa odhb repression
ccpa hbut repression
ccpa ctae repression
ccpa msmx repression
ccpa trea repression
ccpa yozm repression
ccpa pel repression
ccpa rese repression
ccpa aram repression
ccpa yopl repression
ccpa naga repression
ccpa rsbv repression
ccpa ylbp repression
ccpa whia repression
ccpa phrg repression
ccpa levf repression
ccpa yqxj repression
ccpa mala repression
ccpa iolh repression
ccpa yfkn repression
ccpa rapa repression
ccpa uxab repression
ccpa ctab repression
ccpa kdui repression
ccpa yjmb repression
ccpa leve repression
ccpa gans repression
ccpa cyda repression
ccpa ccpc repression
ccpa ldt repression
ccpa mdh repression
ccpa arad repression
ccpa ykuj repression
ccpa yxkf repression
ccpa degu activation
ccpa odha repression
ccpa ssph repression
ccpa pchr repression
ccpa cydc repression
ccpa manr repression
ccpa icd repression
ccpa gana repression
ccpa sigl repression
ccpa yqxi repression
ccpa aral repression
ccpa ypif repression
ccpa glpf repression
ccpa acua repression
ccpa crh repression
ccpa exur repression
ccpa tyrs repression
ccpa ykuk repression
ccpa resa repression
ccpa ilvh activation
ccpa abn2 repression
ccpa qcra repression
ccpa resd repression
ccpa ccpc repression
ccpa sacp repression
ccpa gntr repression
ccpa rsbr repression
ccpa ssph repression
ccpa arap repression
ccpa gntp repression
ccpa trep repression
ccpa uxua repression
ccpa acoa repression
ccpa rbsb repression
ccpa amye repression
ccpa amyc repression
ccpa icd repression
ccpa exut repression
ccpa phrf repression
ccpa rapc repression
ccpa leua activation
ccpa yjmd repression
ccpa rsbs repression
ccpa acol repression
ccpa rhar repression
ccpa lcfa repression
ccpa huti repression
ccpa rsbw repression
ccpa yvci repression
ccpa xylb repression
ccpa hutu repression
ccpa xynb repression
ccpa fadn repression
ccpa topa repression
ccpa qcrb repression
ccpa rsbx repression
ccpa malp repression
ccpa rbsr repression
ccpa gmur repression
ccpa citm repression
ccpa yesn repression
ccpa phra repression
ccpa glmr repression
ccpa fade repression
ccpa mela repression
ccpa licb repression
ccpa mtlr repression
ccpa bofc repression
ccpa lica repression
ccpa iole repression
ccpa exur repression
ccpa phop repression
ccpa iold repression
ccpa amyc repression
ccpa resb repression
ccpa acoc repression
ccpa yxjf repression
ccpa mmgb repression
ccpa citz repression
ccpa iolg repression
ccpa xynp repression
ccpa ilvc activation
ccpa uxac repression
ccpa rapg repression
ccpa etfb repression
ccpa nupc repression
ccpa aran repression
ccpa acor repression
ccpa yvcn repression
ccpa bglh repression
ccpa huth repression
ccpa pupg repression
ccpa yesl repression
ccpa uxua repression
ccpa wpra repression
ccpa ctag repression
ccpa exut repression
ccpa amyd repression
ccpa cydd repression
ccpa glvr repression
ccpa acsa repression
ccpa degs activation
ccpa gmug repression
ccpa mela repression
ccpa araq repression
ccpa ysfe repression
ccpa pdp repression
ccpa etfa repression
ccpa iola repression
ccpa qcrc repression
ccpa rsbu repression
ccpa yjmc repression
ccpa iolb repression
ccpa ganp repression
ccpa yjmf repression
ccpa rhab repression
ccpa acuc repression
ccpa rham repression
ccpa iolc repression
ccpa ganb repression
ccpa iolf repression
ccpa leub activation
ccpa gmub repression
ccpa acob repression
ccpa ioli repression
ccpa mmga repression
ccpa rhaa repression
ccpa mmge repression
ccpa pftb repression
ccpa rhaew repression
ccpa rsbt repression
ccpa glpk repression
ccpa kdgr repression
ccpa hutg repression
ccpa nagr repression
ccpa amyd repression
ccpa arab repression
ccpa fadr repression
ccpa lich repression
ccpa yvna repression
ccpa levg repression
ccpa ytzk repression
ccpa mela repression
ccpa phor repression
ccpa ccca repression
ccpa opue activation
ccpa abfa repression
ccpa abba repression
ccpa nagb repression
ccpa ctad repression
ccpa dpra repression
ccpa abf2 repression
ccpa yfln repression
ccpa yvma repression
ccpa gmuc repression
ccpa mmgf repression
ccpa sigb repression
ccpa ilvb activation
ccpa ywda repression
ccpa yobo repression
ccpa sucd repression
ccpa rbsd repression
ccpa galk repression
ccpa refz repression
ccpa levd repression
ccpa acsa repression
ccpa succ repression
ccpa kdga repression
ccpa ctac repression
ccpa araa repression
ccpa phrc repression
ccpa ganq repression
ccpa yvcj repression
ccpa dctp repression
ccpa dra repression
ccpa ctaf repression
ccpa pta activation
ccpa hutp repression
ccpa cwls repression
ccpa fadb repression
ccpa leuc activation
ccpa xyla repression
ccpa gmue repression
ccpa yjmc repression
ccpa yesm repression
ccpa yjmf repression
ccpa yhar repression
ccpa arae repression
ccpa scoa repression
abrb ywce repression
abrb yfld repression
abrb yknz repression
abrb sdpi repression
abrb skff repression
abrb yvgo repression
abrb gmue activation
abrb rbsb activation
abrb yxam repression
abrb sigf repression
abrb ydjg repression
abrb ntdr repression
abrb yphe repression
abrb raph repression
abrb ycbd repression
abrb yxed repression
abrb xynd repression
abrb skfe repression
abrb ptpz repression
abrb dhbe repression
abrb yokj repression
abrb tkma repression
abrb pksf repression
abrb lip repression
abrb yfla repression
abrb yydh repression
abrb dhbb repression
abrb cwls repression
abrb yydi repression
abrb yfmg repression
abrb ydeh repression
abrb pksr repression
abrb dhbc repression
abrb roca repression
abrb ycnk repression
abrb ybdn repression
abrb dhbf repression
abrb yxaa repression
abrb yrpd repression
abrb bdha repression
abrb xync repression
abrb ppsa repression
abrb pksg repression
abrb gntk activation
abrb yqcf repression
abrb ydej repression
abrb yscb repression
abrb ywof repression
abrb yrzi repression
abrb yfla repression
abrb epso repression
abrb slrr repression
abrb gmud activation
abrb glpd activation
abrb epsg repression
abrb ycda repression
abrb pksd repression
abrb ybfq repression
abrb gmua activation
abrb epsl repression
abrb ywbe repression
abrb tapa repression
abrb baca repression
abrb pnba repression
abrb yxba repression
abrb rbsa activation
abrb ptka repression
abrb yflb repression
abrb rbsk activation
abrb csn repression
abrb ycbg repression
abrb sdpc repression
abrb ahpt repression
abrb gmuf activation
abrb phre repression
abrb apre repression
abrb yloa repression
abrb yvrp repression
abrb sigg repression
abrb sunt repression
abrb bsla repression
abrb gntz activation
abrb yolc repression
abrb bacb repression
abrb pnba repression
abrb spovg repression
abrb yjdg repression
abrb epsh repression
abrb phrh repression
abrb yvca repression
abrb pksm repression
abrb ybdo repression
abrb epsf repression
abrb alba repression
abrb rbsc activation
abrb rocg repression
abrb albd repression
abrb epsm repression
abrb abrb repression
abrb spoiiaa repression
abrb epse repression
abrb bacd repression
abrb epsj repression
abrb sdpr repression
abrb ctae repression
abrb ctab repression
abrb epsk repression
abrb rocc repression
abrb yokk repression
abrb yvrn repression
abrb yddj repression
abrb spoiiab repression
abrb epsb repression
abrb yxaj repression
abrb ylae repression
abrb yqxj repression
abrb yord repression
abrb yolb repression
abrb rsiw repression
abrb bmrc repression
abrb ppsb repression
abrb comk repression
abrb sigw repression
abrb ybdz repression
abrb ycnj repression
abrb yvmc repression
abrb sece repression
abrb epsd repression
abrb albf repression
abrb pksn repression
abrb ycni repression
abrb pksl repression
abrb ylba repression
abrb ydjh repression
abrb yqxi repression
abrb siva repression
abrb bmrb repression
abrb skfc repression
abrb yphf repression
abrb yeri repression
abrb yxnb repression
abrb rocb repression
abrb ppse repression
abrb sbox repression
abrb yxbd repression
abrb phrk repression
abrb yfmj repression
abrb ycbj repression
abrb yknw repression
abrb yoqm repression
abrb bmrd repression
abrb yoch repression
abrb ppsc repression
abrb ycbf repression
abrb qcra repression
abrb glpf activation
abrb ycbc repression
abrb sige repression
abrb bacc repression
abrb yqap repression
abrb gntr activation
abrb gntp activation
abrb yfmi repression
abrb yoki repression
abrb amye activation
abrb yjdb repression
abrb npre repression
abrb ycbh repression
abrb albe repression
abrb dhba repression
abrb ppsd repression
abrb yola repression
abrb yoaw repression
abrb qcrb repression
abrb yddt repression
abrb skfb repression
abrb ugd repression
abrb ymae repression
abrb rbsr activation
abrb gmur activation
abrb scoc activation
abrb cypx repression
abrb pbph repression
abrb epsi repression
abrb ycbe repression
abrb suna repression
abrb yxal repression
abrb ykny repression
abrb yxnb repression
abrb yuri repression
abrb spoiiab repression
abrb albc repression
abrb tasa repression
abrb pksj repression
abrb bacf repression
abrb skfg repression
abrb yydj repression
abrb yvro repression
abrb bdbb repression
abrb ctag repression
abrb phy repression
abrb epsn repression
abrb sboa repression
abrb sigf repression
abrb yvqj repression
abrb ybfo repression
abrb yjcm repression
abrb skfh repression
abrb yokl repression
abrb asnh repression
abrb yhap repression
abrb albb repression
abrb tlpa repression
abrb ydji repression
abrb epsc repression
abrb yqcg repression
abrb yydg repression
abrb rok repression
abrb sdpa repression
abrb gmug activation
abrb pkse repression
abrb bdba repression
abrb dacf repression
abrb albg repression
abrb yxze repression
abrb yxbb repression
abrb sipw repression
abrb pspa repression
abrb besa repression
abrb acpk repression
abrb ywbf repression
abrb qcrc repression
abrb spoiiga repression
abrb rpmgb repression
abrb skfa repression
abrb ybaj repression
abrb ymzb repression
abrb yhaq repression
abrb gmub activation
abrb pksi repression
abrb sdpb repression
abrb spo0e repression
abrb sini repression
abrb sinr repression
abrb yomj repression
abrb sigh repression
abrb ante repression
abrb sivc repression
abrb ynzd repression
abrb yydf repression
abrb yvna repression
abrb yknx repression
abrb yncm repression
abrb ctao repression
abrb yqzg repression
abrb ccca repression
abrb mcpa repression
abrb pksc repression
abrb yxab repression
abrb rapk repression
abrb ctad repression
abrb yolj repression
abrb gmuc activation
abrb epsa repression
abrb glpk activation
abrb bace repression
abrb yobo repression
abrb pksh repression
abrb yvza repression
abrb rbsd activation
abrb yvcb repression
abrb spoiiaa repression
abrb yxba repression
abrb ctac repression
abrb ybfp repression
abrb yxbb repression
abrb yocd repression
abrb yxbc repression
abrb ahpa repression
abrb ctaf repression
lutr bsla activation
lutr tapa activation
lutr luta repression
lutr lutb repression
lutr lutc repression
lutr tasa activation
lutr lutp repression
lutr sipw activation
rpll rpll termination
rpll rplj termination
sigx dlta sigma_factor
sigx yabq sigma_factor
sigx yfho sigma_factor
sigx yrhj sigma_factor
sigx dltc sigma_factor
sigx spx sigma_factor
sigx divic sigma_factor
sigx yrhh sigma_factor
sigx ybfk sigma_factor
sigx ywzh sigma_factor
sigx psd sigma_factor
sigx yceh sigma_factor
sigx tagu sigma_factor
sigx yced sigma_factor
sigx bcrc sigma_factor
sigx csbb sigma_factor
sigx yabo sigma_factor
sigx yabr sigma_factor
sigx pbpx sigma_factor
sigx rapd sigma_factor
sigx ycee sigma_factor
sigx rsix sigma_factor
sigx yjbc sigma_factor
sigx ybfm sigma_factor
sigx yabm sigma_factor
sigx efeo sigma_factor
sigx pssa sigma_factor
sigx dltb sigma_factor
sigx dlte sigma_factor
sigx abh sigma_factor
sigx yabp sigma_factor
sigx spx sigma_factor
sigx ywnj sigma_factor
sigx fatr sigma_factor
sigx ycec sigma_factor
sigx efeb sigma_factor
sigx yceg sigma_factor
sigx dltd sigma_factor
sigx yabn sigma_factor
sigx sigx sigma_factor
sigx ywbo sigma_factor
sigx efeb sigma_factor
sigx efeu sigma_factor
sigx ycef sigma_factor
citr cita repression
citr yhdf repression
ykkc_riboswitch ykkd antitermination
ykkc_riboswitch ykkc antitermination
bmrb bmrc attenuation
bmrb bmrb attenuation
bmrb bmrd attenuation
deor nupc repression
deor pdp repression
deor dra repression
btr ybba activation
btr feuc activation
btr feub activation
btr feua activation
sacy sacb antitermination
sacy sacy antitermination
sacy sacx antitermination
sacy levb antitermination
nsrr s477 repression
nsrr ykuo repression
nsrr ykun repression
nsrr fnr repression
nsrr nark repression
nsrr ykop repression
nsrr nasc repression
nsrr nasf repression
nsrr ykup repression
nsrr nasd repression
nsrr nase repression
nsrr hmp repression
nsrr nasb repression
nsrr fnr repression
rata txpa antisense_RNA
ydfi ydfj activation
desr des activation
comn comea post-translation_control
comn comeb post-translation_control
comn comec post-translation_control
manr yjdf activation
manr manp activation
manr manr activation
manr mana activation
yxdj yxdm activation
yxdj yxea activation
yxdj yxdl activation
ylxr hisd regulation
ylxr carb regulation
ylxr cara regulation
ylxr hisz regulation
ylxr yurj regulation
ylxr yoye regulation
ylxr argg regulation
ylxr hisf regulation
ylxr rpsnb regulation
ylxr hisi regulation
ylxr prob regulation
ylxr argj regulation
ylxr hisb regulation
ylxr argf regulation
ylxr opuca regulation
ylxr proa regulation
ylxr argd regulation
ylxr artp regulation
ylxr frlo regulation
ylxr artq regulation
ylxr frln regulation
ylxr hisg regulation
ylxr yufs regulation
ylxr frlm regulation
ylxr yhfh regulation
ylxr opucd regulation
ylxr argh regulation
ylxr opucc regulation
ylxr argb regulation
ylxr frld regulation
ylxr argc regulation
ylxr opucb regulation
ylxr hish regulation
ylxr frlb regulation
ylxr artr regulation
ylxr hisa regulation
rhar rhar repression
rhar rhab repression
rhar rham repression
rhar rhaa repression
rhar rhaew repression
bira biof repression
bira bioa repression
bira yhfu repression
bira ytbq repression
bira yuig repression
bira bioi repression
bira biow repression
bira biod repression
bira yhft repression
bira yhfr repression
bira yhfs repression
bira yhfr repression
bira biob repression
scoc appb repression
scoc bace repression
scoc comfc repression
scoc oppf repression
scoc sigk repression
scoc apre repression
scoc appf repression
scoc oppc repression
scoc epr repression
scoc baca repression
scoc oppa repression
scoc csra repression
scoc bacb repression
scoc appd repression
scoc flgm repression
scoc bacd repression
scoc yvie repression
scoc oppd repression
scoc comfb repression
scoc npre repression
scoc brab repression
scoc flgk repression
scoc flgl repression
scoc bacc repression
scoc hag repression
scoc appa_1 repression
scoc phop repression
scoc dtpt repression
scoc yvyf repression
scoc yvyg repression
scoc bacf repression
scoc oppb repression
scoc appc repression
scoc appa_2 repression
scoc sinr repression
scoc phor repression
scoc sini repression
scoc comfa repression
scoc fliw repression
fur dhbb repression
fur fhuc repression
fur dhbc repression
fur fpbo repression
fur dhbf repression
fur fbpa repression
fur fpbn repression
fur ykuo repression
fur yusv repression
fur yfiz repression
fur ykun repression
fur ywja repression
fur ybba repression
fur hmoa repression
fur pfet repression
fur ydhu_1 repression
fur btr repression
fur fpbp repression
fur yusu repression
fur ykop repression
fur fsra repression
fur ybdz repression
fur ywie repression
fur ycgt repression
fur cate repression
fur efeo repression
fur yoaj repression
fur nasc repression
fur fece repression
fur fbpc repression
fur feuc repression
fur nasf repression
fur yhfq repression
fur dhba repression
fur ykup repression
fur efeb repression
fur catd repression
fur nasd repression
fur fpbq repression
fur fhug repression
fur fecd repression
fur fhud repression
fur fbpb repression
fur fecf repression
fur yfha repression
fur yfiy repression
fur efeu repression
fur besa repression
fur ywjb repression
fur nase repression
fur yxeb repression
fur yfkm repression
fur yfmb repression
fur ydhu_2 repression
fur ywjb repression
fur fecc repression
fur gltb indirect_effect
fur feub repression
fur feua repression
fur fhub repression
fur ydhu_2 repression
fur fecc repression
fur s477 repression
fur glta indirect_effect
fur nasb repression
fur dctp indirect_effect
fur dhbe repression
fur yfhc repression
lict bgls antitermination
lict yxie anti-termination
lict bglp anti-termination
lict bglh anti-termination
gamr gamp repression
gamr ybgb repression
gamr ybgb repression
gamr gama repression
gamr gamr repression
cysl cysl auto-repression
cysl cysi activation
cysl cysj activation
sr1 ahrc translation_inhibition
fapr fabha repression
fapr acpa repression
fapr fabf repression
fapr fabd repression
fapr yhdn repression
fapr fabg repression
fapr fabi repression
fapr plsc repression
fapr fapr repression
fapr plsx repression
fapr acpa repression
fapr fabhb repression
nrdr nrdf repression
nrdr nrde repression
nrdr nrdi repression
nrdr ymab repression
ccpc citb repression
ccpc ynen repression
ccpc mdh repression
ccpc ccpc repression
ccpc mdh repression
ccpc icd repression
ccpc icd repression
ccpc citz repression
mntr mntc repression
mntr mnta repression
mntr mnth repression
mntr mntb repression
mntr mntd repression
mntr yeab transcription_activation
mntr ydfm transcription_activation
a_box pbue termination_antitermination
b12_riboswitch yvra termination
b12_riboswitch yvrc termination
b12_riboswitch yvrb termination
b12_riboswitch yvqk termination
ear_riboswitch epsa processive_antitermination
ear_riboswitch epso processive_antitermination
ear_riboswitch epsg processive_antitermination
ear_riboswitch epsl processive_antitermination
ear_riboswitch epsh processive_antitermination
ear_riboswitch epsf processive_antitermination
ear_riboswitch epsm processive_antitermination
ear_riboswitch epse processive_antitermination
ear_riboswitch epsj processive_antitermination
ear_riboswitch epsk processive_antitermination
ear_riboswitch epsb processive_antitermination
ear_riboswitch epsd processive_antitermination
ear_riboswitch epsi processive_antitermination
ear_riboswitch epsn processive_antitermination
ear_riboswitch epsc processive_antitermination
fmn_box ribt transcription_termination
fmn_box ribh transcription_termination
fmn_box riba transcription_termination
fmn_box ribd transcription_termination
fmn_box ribe transcription_termination
fmn_box ribu transcription_termination
g_box purf termination
g_box purb termination
g_box purh termination
g_box purm termination
g_box pbux termination
g_box xpt termination
g_box purc termination
g_box purq termination
g_box pbug termination
g_box pure termination
g_box purs termination
g_box purd termination
g_box purk termination
g_box nupg termination
g_box purl termination
g_box purn termination
gly_box gcvt termination
gly_box gcvpa termination
gly_box gcvpb termination
l_box lysc transcription_termination_antitermination
l_box yvsh transcription_termination_antitermination
m_box mgte termination_antitermination
preq1_riboswitch quef antitermination
preq1_riboswitch quee antitermination
preq1_riboswitch qued antitermination
preq1_riboswitch quec antitermination
rna_switch yjdf termination_antitermination
rna_switch pyrg termination
rna_switch manp termination_antitermination
rna_switch mana termination_antitermination
s_box metn transcription_termination_antitermination
s_box yitj termination_antitermination
s_box meti transcription_termination_antitermination
s_box yxjh termination
s_box yoab termination
s_box mtnk termination
s_box sat termination
s_box metp transcription_termination_antitermination
s_box mete termination
s_box metc transcription_termination_antitermination
s_box ylne termination
s_box metq transcription_termination_antitermination
s_box mtnb termination
s_box mtnx termination
s_box ylnd termination
s_box yxjg termination
s_box cysh termination
s_box ylnf termination
s_box cysp termination
s_box mtnd termination
s_box yoac termination
s_box mtna termination
s_box cysc termination
s_box yoad termination
s_box mtnw termination
s_box metk transcription_termination
stringent_response mure negative_regulation
stringent_response rpmi negative_regulation
stringent_response infa negative_regulation
stringent_response spove negative_regulation
stringent_response murg negative_regulation
stringent_response rpma negative_regulation
stringent_response yyaf negative_regulation
stringent_response sbp negative_regulation
stringent_response mbl negative_regulation
stringent_response dltd negative_regulation
stringent_response rpmd negative_regulation
stringent_response rpsi negative_regulation
stringent_response rpsh negative_regulation
stringent_response adk negative_regulation
stringent_response tsf negative_regulation
stringent_response atph negative_regulation
stringent_response scpa negative_regulation
stringent_response pyca positive_regulation
stringent_response ftsw positive_regulation
stringent_response rbfa negative_regulation
stringent_response yjlc negative_regulation
stringent_response ptsi negative_regulation
stringent_response rpsn negative_regulation
stringent_response rpsi negative_regulation
stringent_response rplo negative_regulation
stringent_response rpoa negative_regulation
stringent_response trmu negative_regulation
stringent_response rpsq negative_regulation
stringent_response ylxp negative_regulation
stringent_response dlta negative_regulation
stringent_response yugi negative_regulation
stringent_response rpsr negative_regulation
stringent_response kapb positive_regulation
stringent_response pyrh negative_regulation
stringent_response rplo negative_regulation
stringent_response rplgb negative_regulation
stringent_response qoxc negative_regulation
stringent_response rpll negative_regulation
stringent_response rpsm negative_regulation
stringent_response rplf negative_regulation
stringent_response qoxd negative_regulation
stringent_response dltc negative_regulation
stringent_response rnc negative_regulation
stringent_response kinb positive_regulation
stringent_response rpsb negative_regulation
stringent_response s56 negative_regulation
stringent_response yqxc negative_regulation
stringent_response ylxr negative_regulation
stringent_response rpsc negative_regulation
stringent_response frr negative_regulation
stringent_response scpb negative_regulation
stringent_response ylxq negative_regulation
stringent_response atpe negative_regulation
stringent_response rpsj negative_regulation
stringent_response rpsd negative_regulation
stringent_response rpsb negative_regulation
stringent_response kina positive_regulation
stringent_response divib negative_regulation
stringent_response rpll negative_regulation
stringent_response qoxb negative_regulation
stringent_response rpme negative_regulation
stringent_response rpmj negative_regulation
stringent_response ywzh negative_regulation
stringent_response rple negative_regulation
stringent_response atpa negative_regulation
stringent_response dxs negative_regulation
stringent_response mray negative_regulation
stringent_response rplk negative_regulation
stringent_response nusb negative_regulation
stringent_response apt negative_regulation
stringent_response atpc negative_regulation
stringent_response pdha negative_regulation
stringent_response rpmb negative_regulation
stringent_response rpse negative_regulation
stringent_response rpmc negative_regulation
stringent_response atpb negative_regulation
stringent_response rplw negative_regulation
stringent_response rpmf negative_regulation
stringent_response atpg negative_regulation
stringent_response pnpa negative_regulation
stringent_response ylqc negative_regulation
stringent_response rplx negative_regulation
stringent_response nusa negative_regulation
stringent_response tig negative_regulation
stringent_response ylxx negative_regulation
stringent_response murb negative_regulation
stringent_response atpf negative_regulation
stringent_response ylbn negative_regulation
stringent_response rpld negative_regulation
stringent_response trua negative_regulation
stringent_response rplq negative_regulation
stringent_response rpsl negative_regulation
stringent_response pdhb negative_regulation
stringent_response yrvo negative_regulation
stringent_response rplb negative_regulation
stringent_response ndh negative_regulation
stringent_response map negative_regulation
stringent_response ylag negative_regulation
stringent_response atpi negative_regulation
stringent_response rplt negative_regulation
stringent_response smc negative_regulation
stringent_response ssba negative_regulation
stringent_response prs negative_regulation
stringent_response atpd negative_regulation
stringent_response ftsy negative_regulation
stringent_response ptsh negative_regulation
stringent_response recn negative_regulation
stringent_response murd negative_regulation
stringent_response ylah negative_regulation
stringent_response tufa negative_regulation
stringent_response rplu negative_regulation
stringent_response rpla negative_regulation
stringent_response map negative_regulation
stringent_response infc negative_regulation
stringent_response rplj negative_regulation
stringent_response rplc negative_regulation
stringent_response ahrc negative_regulation
stringent_response pdhd negative_regulation
stringent_response qoxa negative_regulation
stringent_response prp negative_regulation
stringent_response rpls negative_regulation
stringent_response pdhc negative_regulation
stringent_response rpoc negative_regulation
stringent_response rpsf negative_regulation
stringent_response dltb negative_regulation
stringent_response secy negative_regulation
stringent_response rpln negative_regulation
stringent_response cymr negative_regulation
stringent_response rplp negative_regulation
stringent_response ptsg negative_regulation
stringent_response rpob negative_regulation
stringent_response infb negative_regulation
stringent_response recj negative_regulation
stringent_response dlte negative_regulation
stringent_response alsd positive_regulation
stringent_response ypui negative_regulation
stringent_response rplm negative_regulation
stringent_response ylxw negative_regulation
stringent_response rplr negative_regulation
stringent_response alss positive_regulation
stringent_response rpss negative_regulation
stringent_response rplj negative_regulation
stringent_response rplv negative_regulation
stringent_response ybzg negative_regulation
stringent_response fusa negative_regulation
stringent_response rpsk negative_regulation
stringent_response ctc negative_regulation
stringent_response rplm negative_regulation
stringent_response fold negative_regulation
stringent_response rpsg negative_regulation
stringent_response secy negative_regulation
stringent_response ysda negative_regulation
stringent_response bsu_misc_rna_3 negative_regulation
stringent_response rpso negative_regulation
stringent_response rpsp negative_regulation
stringent_response gcad negative_regulation
stringent_response adk negative_regulation
stringent_response ylxs negative_regulation
t_box folc transcription_termination_antitermination
t_box phes transcriptional_antitermination
t_box thrz anti-termination
t_box tyrs anti-termination
t_box asps transcriptional_antitermination
t_box phet transcriptional_antitermination
t_box tyrz anti-termination
t_box prob anti-termination
t_box ywha anti-termination
t_box ilvh termination_antitermination
t_box glys anti-termination
t_box leua termination_antitermination
t_box yvbw anti-termination
t_box proa anti-termination
t_box ilvc termination_antitermination
t_box yaco transcription_antitermination
t_box ycbk transcription_termination_antitermination
t_box leus transcription_antitermination
t_box cyse transcription_antitermination
t_box iles antitermination
t_box vals transcription_termination_antitermination
t_box yacp transcription_antitermination
t_box leub termination_antitermination
t_box glyq anti-termination
t_box sers anti-termination
t_box glya anti-termination
t_box rtpa transcription_termination_antitermination
t_box alas antitermination
t_box ilvb termination_antitermination
t_box leuc termination_antitermination
t_box yrrk antitermination
t_box thrs anti-termination
t_box yrzb antitermination
t_box mrnc transcription_antitermination
t_box leud termination_antitermination
t_box hiss transcriptional_antitermination
t_box dtrr anti-termination
t_box gltx transcription_antitermination
t_box proi anti-termination
t_box yrzl antitermination
t_box cyss transcription_antitermination
ydao_riboswitch ktrb termination_antitermination
ydao_riboswitch ktra termination_antitermination
ydao_riboswitch kima termination_antitermination
yybp_ykoy_motif ykoy antitermination
yybp_ykoy_motif yybp antitermination
