aatf bax Repression
aatf cdkn1a Unknown
aatf klk3 Unknown
aatf myc Activation
aatf tp53 Unknown
abl1 bax Activation
abl1 bcl2 Repression
abl1 bcl6 Repression
abl1 ccnd2 Activation
abl1 cdkn1a Activation
abl1 csf1 Activation
abl1 csf1 Unknown
abl1 foxo3 Activation
abl1 jun Activation
abl1 jun Repression
abl1 pim1 Activation
abl1 tp53 Activation
aes epha3 Unknown
aes lef1 Activation
aes rnd3 Activation
ahr abcg2 Unknown
ahr ahrr Activation
ahr arnt Unknown
ahr brca1 Unknown
ahr ca9 Repression
ahr ccnd1 Unknown
ahr ccng2 Activation
ahr cyp1a1 Activation
ahr cyp1a1 Repression
ahr cyp1a1 Unknown
ahr cyp1a2 Unknown
ahr cyp1b1 Activation
ahr cyp1b1 Unknown
ahr cyp2b6 Unknown
ahr fos Unknown
ahr il13 Unknown
ahr il1b Unknown
ahr il6 Activation
ahr il6 Unknown
ahr mfsd2a Unknown
ahr mt2a Unknown
ahr myc Unknown
ahr pcna Activation
ahr rfc3 Activation
ahr ugt1a1 Activation
ahr ugt1a6 Unknown
aip ahr Activation
aip greb1 Repression
aip nfkb2 Repression
aip rsf1 Repression
aip tff1 Repression
aire chrna1 Unknown
ankrd1 nppa Repression
apbb1 gmps Repression
apc akt1 Repression
apc amhr2 Repression
apc birc5 Unknown
apc dlg1 Unknown
apc dnmt1 Repression
apc f8 Unknown
apc klf4 Unknown
apc myc Repression
apc nos2 Activation
apc odc1 Repression
apc ptgs2 Repression
apc ptgs2 Unknown
apc sgk1 Repression
apex1 ccl2 Activation
apex1 cd19 Activation
apex1 cyp11b2 Repression
apex1 nfkb1 Activation
apex1 pth Repression
apex1 rela Activation
apex1 slc5a5 Activation
ar acta1 Activation
ar akr1c3 Repression
ar akt1 Activation
ar akt1 Repression
ar aldh1a3 Unknown
ar arg1 Activation
ar arg2 Activation
ar atad2 Unknown
ar bsg Unknown
ar btg1 Repression
ar btg2 Repression
ar cdk20 Activation
ar cdc6 Activation
ar cdc6 Unknown
ar cdh1 Repression
ar cdh11 Unknown
ar cdh2 Activation
ar cdk20 Activation
ar cdk6 Unknown
ar cdkn1a Activation
ar cdkn1a Repression
ar clk3 Repression
ar crh Repression
ar crisp1 Unknown
ar crisp3 Unknown
ar ctnnb1 Activation
ar cyp7b1 Repression
ar egfr Activation
ar elk4 Unknown
ar ep300 Activation
ar erbb2 Activation
ar erbb2 Unknown
ar erbb3 Activation
ar etv1 Activation
ar fkbp4 Unknown
ar fn1 Unknown
ar folh1 Unknown
ar foxa1 Unknown
ar gnmt Unknown
ar greb1 Unknown
ar gtf2f1 Unknown
ar hmmr Unknown
ar hmox1 Activation
ar ifi16 Unknown
ar igf1r Activation
ar igfbp3 Unknown
ar jun Activation
ar kiss1 Activation
ar kiss1r Activation
ar klf5 Unknown
ar klk1 Unknown
ar klk2 Unknown
ar klk3 Activation
ar klk3 Repression
ar klk3 Unknown
ar klk4 Unknown
ar med1 Unknown
ar mid1 Unknown
ar muc1 Repression
ar myc Unknown
ar nat1 Activation
ar ndrg1 Unknown
ar nfkb1 Repression
ar nkx3_1 Activation
ar nkx3_1 Unknown
ar nov Unknown
ar nras Repression
ar pc Activation
ar psca Unknown
ar pebp1 Unknown
ar pigr Unknown
ar pip Unknown
ar pmepa1 Unknown
ar pnrc1 Unknown
ar klk3 Unknown
ar pten Activation
ar pten Unknown
ar ptgs2 Repression
ar ptpn1 Unknown
ar rela Repression
ar rest Repression
ar sep_07 Repression
ar serpinb5 Repression
ar sesn1 Unknown
ar srd5a3 Unknown
ar stim1 Unknown
ar tbp Unknown
ar tcf7l2 Unknown
ar tgfa Activation
ar th Activation
ar tjp1 Activation
ar tmprss2 Activation
ar tmprss2 Unknown
ar trps1 Unknown
ar tsc1 Repression
ar tsc2 Repression
ar ucn Repression
ar ugt2b15 Unknown
ar usp26 Unknown
ar vegfa Activation
ar vegfa Unknown
ar vim Repression
ar wee1 Repression
ar wnt7b Activation
ar xiap Repression
arid1a cdkn1a Unknown
arid1a igh Activation
arid1a smad3 Unknown
arid1b igh Activation
arid3a cdc6 Unknown
arid3a cdk1 Unknown
arid3a cr2 Unknown
arid3a e2f1 Unknown
arid3a pml Activation
arid3a rbl1 Unknown
arnt ahr Unknown
arnt bhlhe40 Unknown
arnt brca1 Unknown
arnt ca9 Activation
arnt ccne1 Repression
arnt cdk2 Repression
arnt ctsd Unknown
arnt cyp1a1 Activation
arnt cyp1a1 Unknown
arnt cyp1b1 Activation
arnt cyp1b1 Unknown
arnt egln2 Unknown
arnt epo Activation
arnt esr1 Unknown
arnt fos Repression
arnt gad1 Unknown
arnt hif1a Activation
arnt jun Repression
arnt mfsd2a Unknown
arnt relb Unknown
arnt ugt1a6 Unknown
arnt vegfa Unknown
arntl bhlhe40 Activation
arntl cry1 Activation
arntl cry1 Unknown
arntl cry2 Activation
arntl cry2 Unknown
arntl per1 Activation
arntl per1 Unknown
arntl per2 Activation
arntl per2 Unknown
arntl per3 Activation
arntl2 serpine1 Activation
arx kdm5c Unknown
arx lmo1 Unknown
arx pax4 Unknown
arx shox2 Unknown
ascl1 chrna3 Unknown
ascl1 chrna5 Unknown
ascl1 chrnb4 Unknown
ascl1 dkk1 Repression
ascl1 igf2 Repression
ascl1 pcsk6 Repression
ascl1 tph1 Repression
ash1l tgfb1 Unknown
ash1l timp1 Unknown
asxl1 fabp4 Unknown
atf1 bcl2 Unknown
atf1 ccna1 Repression
atf1 cftr Activation
atf1 cga Unknown
atf1 cyp11b1 Unknown
atf1 cyp11b2 Unknown
atf1 erbb2 Unknown
atf1 flt1 Unknown
atf1 fth1 Activation
atf1 fth1 Repression
atf1 gabpa Unknown
atf1 il10 Activation
atf1 ldha Unknown
atf1 map1lc3b Activation
atf1 mitf Activation
atf1 mitf Unknown
atf1 muc2 Unknown
atf1 nts Unknown
atf1 pcsk1 Activation
atf1 plaur Unknown
atf1 slc20a1 Activation
atf1 slc22a8 Unknown
atf1 tgfb2 Activation
atf1 th Unknown
atf1 top2a Unknown
atf1 usp7 Unknown
atf2 apoc3 Activation
atf2 atf3 Activation
atf2 ccnd1 Activation
atf2 cdkn1a Unknown
atf2 cyp11b1 Unknown
atf2 cyp11b2 Unknown
atf2 dusp1 Unknown
atf2 dusp10 Unknown
atf2 fas Unknown
atf2 faslg Unknown
atf2 fn1 Unknown
atf2 kat5 Repression
atf2 ifnb1 Activation
atf2 ifnb1 Unknown
atf2 ifng Activation
atf2 impdh2 Unknown
atf2 ins Activation
atf2 ins Unknown
atf2 itgb8 Unknown
atf2 jun Activation
atf2 map3k1 Unknown
atf2 mmp2 Activation
atf2 nos3 Repression
atf2 pck1 Activation
atf2 pck2 Unknown
atf2 plat Activation
atf2 plau Unknown
atf2 polb Activation
atf2 ptgs2 Unknown
atf2 rela Activation
atf2 retn Activation
atf2 st3gal5 Activation
atf2 tgfb2 Repression
atf2 tnf Activation
atf3 adipor1 Repression
atf3 adipor2 Repression
atf3 ak4 Unknown
atf3 asns Activation
atf3 asns Unknown
atf3 ccl5 Unknown
atf3 cd82 Unknown
atf3 ddit3 Activation
atf3 gdf15 Activation
atf3 id1 Repression
atf3 ifng Activation
atf3 pclaf Unknown
atf3 ldlr Repression
atf3 mmp2 Repression
atf3 penk Unknown
atf3 sele Repression
atf3 tp53 Unknown
atf4 apoe Activation
atf4 asns Activation
atf4 asns Unknown
atf4 atf3 Activation
atf4 atf3 Unknown
atf4 atg5 Activation
atf4 bglap Unknown
atf4 ca9 Unknown
atf4 ccl2 Unknown
atf4 cebpb Activation
atf4 chac1 Activation
atf4 cxcl8 Unknown
atf4 ddit3 Activation
atf4 ddit3 Unknown
atf4 ddit4 Activation
atf4 ddr2 Activation
atf4 disc1 Unknown
atf4 f7 Unknown
atf4 fgf19 Activation
atf4 fgf21 Activation
atf4 hrk Activation
atf4 hspa5 Repression
atf4 igfbp1 Activation
atf4 il6 Unknown
atf4 irf7 Repression
atf4 map1lc3b Activation
atf4 mcl1 Unknown
atf4 ndc80 Activation
atf4 nupr1 Activation
atf4 plau Activation
atf4 ptgs2 Unknown
atf4 s100p Unknown
atf4 sigmar1 Activation
atf4 sirt1 Activation
atf4 sirt1 Repression
atf4 sirt2 Repression
atf4 tnfrsf10b Unknown
atf4 trib3 Activation
atf4 trib3 Unknown
atf4 vegfa Activation
atf4 vegfa Unknown
atf5 bcl2 Activation
atf5 ccnd3 Activation
atf5 creb1 Activation
atf5 cyp2b6 Activation
atf5 disc1 Unknown
atf5 egr1 Unknown
atf5 id1 Repression
atf5 sh2d1a Unknown
atf6 atp2a2 Unknown
atf6 bglap Unknown
atf6 ddit3 Unknown
atf6 dnajc3 Activation
atf6 hspa5 Unknown
atf6 mafa Repression
atf6 nr0b2 Activation
atf6 nucb1 Activation
atf6 pdx1 Repression
atf6 rtn3 Activation
atf6 srf Unknown
atf6 stard4 Activation
atf6 wbp1 Activation
atf6 xbp1 Unknown
atf7 erbb2 Unknown
atf7 taf12 Activation
atm aplf Unknown
atm bax Activation
atm bcl2 Repression
atm cdkn1a Unknown
atm cflar Activation
atm cflar Repression
atm dusp1 Activation
atm fas Activation
atm foxm1 Activation
atm gadd45a Activation
atm igf1r Unknown
atm klrk1 Activation
atm mcl1 Activation
atm mtf1 Unknown
atm pbk Unknown
atm pcna Unknown
atm pmaip1 Repression
atm pvr Activation
atm pvr Repression
atm slc2a1 Repression
atm sp1 Repression
atm sp1 Unknown
atm terf1 Repression
atm tnfrsf10b Repression
atm vegfa Repression
atoh1 hes6 Activation
atoh1 muc2 Activation
atrx hba1 Repression
atrx hba2 Repression
bach1 hmox1 Activation
bach1 hmox1 Repression
bach1 mmp1 Activation
bach2 bcl2 Unknown
bach2 il2 Unknown
bach2 xbp1 Repression
bard1 esr1 Activation
barx2 esr1 Unknown
batf cd2 Unknown
bcl11a gata1 Activation
bcl11a gata1 Unknown
bcl3 ctcf Repression
bcl3 egfr Activation
bcl3 myb Unknown
bcl3 nfkb1 Repression
bcl3 nfkb1 Unknown
bcl3 rela Unknown
bcl6 bcl2l1 Repression
bcl6 bcl6 Repression
bcl6 ccnd2 Repression
bcl6 cd80 Repression
bcl6 cdkn1a Repression
bcl6 cdkn2b Repression
bcl6 chek1 Repression
bcl6 fcer2 Repression
bcl6 hdac7 Repression
bcl6 irf4 Repression
bcl6 litaf Repression
bcl6 myc Activation
bcl6 nfkb1 Repression
bcl6 pdcd2 Repression
bcl6 pdcd2 Unknown
bcl6 stat3 Unknown
bcl6 sumo1 Repression
bcl6 xbp1 Repression
bdp1 myc Unknown
bdp1 rb1 Unknown
bdp1 tp53 Unknown
bhlhe41 ccnd1 Repression
bhlhe41 mlh1 Repression
bin1 myc Unknown
bmi1 tert Repression
bptf hoxc8 Unknown
brca1 areg Repression
brca1 aspm Activation
brca1 atm Activation
brca1 bach1 Unknown
brca1 brca2 Unknown
brca1 casr Unknown
brca1 ccnb1 Unknown
brca1 ccnd1 Unknown
brca1 cdh3 Repression
brca1 cdh3 Unknown
brca1 cdkn1a Activation
brca1 cdkn1a Unknown
brca1 cdkn1b Activation
brca1 cdkn1b Unknown
brca1 ctsd Repression
brca1 cxcl1 Repression
brca1 cyp19a1 Activation
brca1 cyp19a1 Unknown
brca1 cyp1a1 Unknown
brca1 cyp1b1 Unknown
brca1 ddb2 Activation
brca1 ddit3 Activation
brca1 e2f6 Repression
brca1 egfr Repression
brca1 egr1 Unknown
brca1 ep300 Activation
brca1 ep300 Unknown
brca1 esr1 Activation
brca1 fos Unknown
brca1 foxc1 Repression
brca1 foxc2 Repression
brca1 fst Activation
brca1 gadd45a Activation
brca1 gadd45a Repression
brca1 gadd45a Unknown
brca1 hif1a Unknown
brca1 hmga2 Repression
brca1 hnrnpa2b1 Repression
brca1 hspa5 Repression
brca1 ifna1 Activation
brca1 igf1 Repression
brca1 igf1r Unknown
brca1 irf7 Activation
brca1 irf9 Activation
brca1 jak1 Unknown
brca1 jak2 Unknown
brca1 khsrp Repression
brca1 krt17 Unknown
brca1 krt18 Unknown
brca1 krt5 Unknown
brca1 mad2l1 Activation
brca1 mdc1 Unknown
brca1 mdm2 Activation
brca1 myc Unknown
brca1 rnasel Activation
brca1 s100a2 Activation
brca1 sirt1 Activation
brca1 stat1 Activation
brca1 stat2 Activation
brca1 stat3 Unknown
brca1 tff1 Repression
brca1 tp63 Unknown
brca1 vegfa Activation
brca1 xpc Unknown
brca2 dmc1 Unknown
brca2 psmd3 Unknown
brca2 psmd6 Unknown
brca2 rad51 Unknown
brd7 brd2 Activation
brd7 brd3 Activation
brd7 e2f3 Repression
brd7 e2f3 Unknown
brip1 bard1 Unknown
brip1 mlh1 Unknown
brpf1 ing5 Unknown
brpf1 meaf6 Unknown
btaf1 dr1 Repression
btaf1 tbp Repression
btaf1 tbp Unknown
btf3 abl2 Activation
btf3 atm Activation
btf3 ephb2 Activation
btf3 hpse2 Activation
btf3 madcam1 Repression
btf3 mrvi1 Repression
btf3 nfkb1 Repression
btf3 rras2 Repression
btf3 sspn Repression
btg2 ccnd1 Repression
btg2 hras Repression
btg2 klk3 Repression
btg2 sphk1 Activation
cbfa2t3 tcf12 Unknown
cbfa2t3 znf652 Repression
cbfb gata1 Unknown
cbfb runx1 Unknown
cbfb runx2 Unknown
cbfb runx3 Unknown
cbx7 ccne1 Repression
cbx7 cdh1 Activation
cbx8 cdkn1a Repression
cdc5l plrg1 Unknown
cdca7l maob Repression
cdx1 dsc2 Unknown
cdx1 irf2bp2 Unknown
cdx1 krt20 Unknown
cdx1 pcna Activation
cdx1 postn Unknown
cdx1 pparg Activation
cdx1 ptgs2 Activation
cdx1 tbp Unknown
cdx2 abcb1 Unknown
cdx2 acat2 Activation
cdx2 apc Activation
cdx2 apc Unknown
cdx2 axin2 Activation
cdx2 axin2 Unknown
cdx2 cdh17 Activation
cdx2 cdh17 Unknown
cdx2 cdkn1a Activation
cdx2 cftr Activation
cdx2 dsc2 Unknown
cdx2 elmo3 Activation
cdx2 fut2 Activation
cdx2 gsk3b Unknown
cdx2 gspt1 Unknown
cdx2 gstp1 Unknown
cdx2 gucy2c Unknown
cdx2 heph Activation
cdx2 igfbp3 Repression
cdx2 klf4 Activation
cdx2 klf4 Unknown
cdx2 lct Activation
cdx2 mep1a Activation
cdx2 muc17 Unknown
cdx2 muc2 Activation
cdx2 ptgs2 Repression
cdx2 reg4 Unknown
cdx2 slc15a1 Activation
cdx2 slc9a2 Unknown
cdx2 sp1 Unknown
cdx2 tff3 Activation
cdx2 ugt1a10 Activation
cdx2 ugt1a8 Activation
cdx2 ugt2b15 Unknown
cdx2 ugt2b17 Unknown
cdx2 vdr Unknown
cebpa afp Unknown
cebpa alb Unknown
cebpa bcl2 Repression
cebpa ccl2 Activation
cebpa cd163 Unknown
cebpa crmp1 Unknown
cebpa csf1 Unknown
cebpa csf2ra Unknown
cebpa csf3r Activation
cebpa cxcr2 Unknown
cebpa cyp3a4 Unknown
cebpa defa1 Unknown
cebpa defa3 Unknown
cebpa elane Activation
cebpa elane Unknown
cebpa f9 Activation
cebpa fn1 Unknown
cebpa gapdh Unknown
cebpa hamp Activation
cebpa hk3 Unknown
cebpa homer3 Unknown
cebpa hsd17b11 Activation
cebpa hspa4 Activation
cebpa icam1 Unknown
cebpa id1 Unknown
cebpa igf1 Activation
cebpa igf2 Unknown
cebpa il10 Unknown
cebpa il3 Unknown
cebpa il5 Unknown
cebpa il6 Unknown
cebpa insr Activation
cebpa itgax Activation
cebpa lep Activation
cebpa mad1l1 Unknown
cebpa msr1 Unknown
cebpa myc Repression
cebpa pck1 Unknown
cebpa pck2 Unknown
cebpa prl Unknown
cebpa s100a9 Activation
cebpa saa1 Unknown
cebpa serpinc1 Activation
cebpa sftpd Activation
cebpa slc10a1 Unknown
cebpa socs3 Activation
cebpa spi1 Unknown
cebpa spp1 Activation
cebpa star Activation
cebpa stat3 Unknown
cebpa tlr9 Unknown
cebpa vldlr Unknown
cebpb abcb1 Activation
cebpb adm Activation
cebpb adm Unknown
cebpb alb Unknown
cebpb asns Unknown
cebpb bcl2l1 Unknown
cebpb bts1 Unknown
cebpb cdkn1a Activation
cebpb cr2 Unknown
cebpb crp Activation
cebpb csf3r Activation
cebpb csh1 Unknown
cebpb csh2 Unknown
cebpb csrp1 Activation
cebpb cxcl8 Activation
cebpb cxcl8 Unknown
cebpb cyp19a1 Repression
cebpb cyp19a1 Unknown
cebpb dapk1 Unknown
cebpb ddit3 Unknown
cebpb f8 Unknown
cebpb faslg Unknown
cebpb furin Activation
cebpb gadd45g Unknown
cebpb gdf15 Activation
cebpb gfer Repression
cebpb gfer Unknown
cebpb gnly Unknown
cebpb hbb Unknown
cebpb hp Unknown
cebpb hsf1 Unknown
cebpb il10 Unknown
cebpb il13 Unknown
cebpb il1b Activation
cebpb il1b Unknown
cebpb il24 Unknown
cebpb il3 Unknown
cebpb il4 Activation
cebpb il4 Unknown
cebpb il5 Unknown
cebpb il6 Activation
cebpb il6 Unknown
cebpb insr Activation
cebpb irf4 Activation
cebpb mad1l1 Unknown
cebpb mmp1 Unknown
cebpb oxtr Activation
cebpb pck2 Activation
cebpb plac1 Unknown
cebpb prdm1 Activation
cebpb prl Unknown
cebpb prss50 Activation
cebpb ptgs2 Activation
cebpb ptgs2 Repression
cebpb ptgs2 Unknown
cebpb ptpn13 Unknown
cebpb s100a9 Activation
cebpb saa1 Unknown
cebpb saa2 Activation
cebpb sftpd Activation
cebpb slc10a1 Unknown
cebpb slc19a1 Activation
cebpb slc5a8 Activation
cebpb star Activation
cebpb star Unknown
cebpb tff3 Unknown
cebpb tnf Unknown
cebpb tnfaip6 Activation
cebpb tnfaip6 Unknown
cebpb top1 Unknown
cebpb xbp1 Activation
cebpd c3 Unknown
cebpd casp8 Unknown
cebpd ccl20 Activation
cebpd cxcl1 Activation
cebpd cyp19a1 Repression
cebpd ddit3 Activation
cebpd ddit3 Repression
cebpd gadd45g Unknown
cebpd gapdh Unknown
cebpd il23a Activation
cebpd pdgfra Unknown
cebpd pou5f1 Activation
cebpd pparg Activation
cebpd prl Unknown
cebpd ptgs2 Unknown
cebpd sod1 Activation
cebpd tnf Unknown
cebpd tnfaip6 Activation
cebpe ctsg Unknown
cebpe gata1 Repression
cebpe ltf Unknown
cebpe mmp2 Unknown
cebpe myc Repression
cebpe prg2 Repression
cebpe spi1 Repression
cebpg hbb Unknown
cebpg sftpd Activation
cebpz apc Activation
cebpz col11a1 Repression
cebpz col1a2 Unknown
cebpz gzmb Unknown
cebpz mlh1 Repression
cebpz sox9 Unknown
chd4 cd79a Repression
chd4 rnf8 Unknown
chd8 brca1 Unknown
chd8 ccne2 Activation
chd8 hoxa2 Unknown
chd8 myc Unknown
chd8 tyms Unknown
ciita col1a1 Repression
ciita col1a2 Repression
ciita col1a2 Unknown
ciita crebbp Unknown
ciita faslg Unknown
ciita hla_a Activation
ciita hla_b Activation
ciita hla_c Activation
ciita hla_dma Activation
ciita hla_dma Unknown
ciita hla_dmb Activation
ciita hla_dmb Unknown
ciita hla_doa Activation
ciita hla_dob Activation
ciita hla_dpb1 Unknown
ciita hla_dqb1 Unknown
ciita hla_dra Activation
ciita hla_dra Unknown
ciita hla_drb1 Unknown
ciita hla_drb3 Unknown
ciita hla_drb4 Unknown
ciita hla_drb5 Unknown
ciita hla_f Unknown
ciita hla_g Unknown
ciita il4 Activation
ciita il4 Repression
ciita irf1 Unknown
ciita irf2 Unknown
ciita mmp9 Repression
ciita plxna1 Unknown
ciita psmc5 Activation
ciita rab4b Unknown
ciita s100a4 Repression
ciita sirt1 Repression
ciita slc26a3 Unknown
ciita stat1 Unknown
cited2 mmp1 Repression
cited2 mmp13 Repression
clock bhlhe40 Activation
clock bhlhe41 Activation
clock cry1 Activation
clock cry1 Unknown
clock cry2 Activation
clock cry2 Unknown
clock dec1 Activation
clock kat5 Unknown
clock nampt Activation
clock nr0b2 Activation
clock nr3c1 Repression
clock per1 Activation
clock per1 Unknown
clock per2 Activation
clock per2 Unknown
clock per3 Activation
clock star Activation
clock tpo Unknown
cnbp myc Unknown
cnot7 msmb Unknown
cnot7 pmp22 Unknown
cnot8 msmb Unknown
cnot8 pmp22 Unknown
cops5 cdkn1b Repression
cops5 vegfa Activation
crabp2 rara Activation
creb1 acaca Activation
creb1 adra1a Unknown
creb1 aqp3 Unknown
creb1 ar Unknown
creb1 bcl2 Activation
creb1 bcl2 Unknown
creb1 bcl2l11 Unknown
creb1 bdkrb1 Unknown
creb1 bdkrb2 Unknown
creb1 bdnf Activation
creb1 casp8 Activation
creb1 cck Unknown
creb1 ccl5 Unknown
creb1 cd4 Unknown
creb1 cga Unknown
creb1 crtc1 Unknown
creb1 cxcr4 Unknown
creb1 cyp11a1 Unknown
creb1 cyp11b1 Unknown
creb1 cyp11b2 Unknown
creb1 cyp17a1 Unknown
creb1 cyp19a1 Activation
creb1 erbb2 Unknown
creb1 etv3 Activation
creb1 flt1 Unknown
creb1 fos Unknown
creb1 foxa1 Unknown
creb1 gabpa Unknown
creb1 grpr Activation
creb1 gsk3a Unknown
creb1 gsk3b Unknown
creb1 hla_dob Unknown
creb1 hla_dqb1 Unknown
creb1 hmox1 Repression
creb1 hpgd Unknown
creb1 ifng Activation
creb1 ifng Repression
creb1 ifng Unknown
creb1 il10 Activation
creb1 il10 Unknown
creb1 il2 Unknown
creb1 il5ra Unknown
creb1 il6 Activation
creb1 jun Repression
creb1 jun Unknown
creb1 laptm4b Unknown
creb1 lyl1 Activation
creb1 mc2r Activation
creb1 mitf Activation
creb1 mmp2 Unknown
creb1 msmb Unknown
creb1 muc4 Activation
creb1 muc4 Unknown
creb1 muc5ac Activation
creb1 ndc80 Activation
creb1 nf1 Unknown
creb1 nmnat2 Unknown
creb1 nolc1 Activation
creb1 npy Unknown
creb1 nr2f1 Repression
creb1 nr2f6 Repression
creb1 nr4a3 Unknown
creb1 nr5a2 Activation
creb1 nrf1 Unknown
creb1 nts Unknown
creb1 odc1 Unknown
creb1 pcsk1 Activation
creb1 plat Repression
creb1 plau Unknown
creb1 pold2 Unknown
creb1 ppm1d Unknown
creb1 ppp2ca Activation
creb1 ppp2r2b Activation
creb1 prl Unknown
creb1 psen1 Activation
creb1 ptges Unknown
creb1 ptgs2 Activation
creb1 rp1 Unknown
creb1 rrm2b Unknown
creb1 slc19a1 Unknown
creb1 slc20a1 Activation
creb1 slc22a8 Unknown
creb1 slc39a1 Unknown
creb1 smad6 Activation
creb1 snai1 Repression
creb1 snai2 Repression
creb1 sox9 Unknown
creb1 spry2 Unknown
creb1 stmn1 Unknown
creb1 th Unknown
creb1 tlr9 Unknown
creb1 trh Unknown
creb1 uxt Activation
creb1 vip Unknown
creb1 xpc Unknown
creb3 cxcr4 Activation
creb3l1 slc1a4 Repression
creb3l4 dnajc12 Unknown
creb5 atp6v0e1 Activation
creb5 cfb Activation
creb5 dgkg Activation
creb5 dgkg Repression
creb5 lgals3bp Repression
creb5 ly96 Repression
creb5 mapkapk3 Activation
creb5 mx1 Activation
creb5 rasgrp3 Repression
creb5 rdx Repression
creb5 stat1 Repression
creb5 tgfbr3 Activation
creb5 tnfrsf11b Repression
crebbp alox15 Activation
crebbp brca1 Unknown
crebbp cck Unknown
crebbp cdkn1a Activation
crebbp creb1 Activation
crebbp csf2 Unknown
crebbp egfr Unknown
crebbp ep300 Unknown
crebbp ezh2 Unknown
crebbp hinfp Activation
crebbp hoxa10 Activation
crebbp hoxa9 Activation
crebbp il4 Activation
crebbp insm1 Activation
crebbp irf1 Activation
crebbp pck2 Unknown
crebbp ppara Unknown
crebbp psmc5 Activation
crebbp ptgs2 Unknown
crebbp rad51 Unknown
crebbp rara Unknown
crebbp rs1 Unknown
crebbp s100a4 Unknown
crebbp tp53 Unknown
crebbp trim22 Unknown
creg1 hspa4 Repression
crem ace Activation
crem acr Unknown
crem fhl5 Unknown
crem ccl4 Repression
crem ccna1 Unknown
crem ccna2 Repression
crem cd247 Repression
crem creb1 Repression
crem dusp1 Repression
crem dusp4 Repression
crem faslg Repression
crem fos Repression
crem g6pd Repression
crem gpx4 Unknown
crem il2 Repression
crem il2 Unknown
crem il5ra Unknown
crem ldhc Unknown
crem mc2r Activation
crem mc2r Repression
crem plat Unknown
crem slc5a5 Activation
crem slc5a5 Repression
crem star Unknown
crem taf4 Unknown
crem tbp Unknown
crem th Unknown
crem zap70 Unknown
creb1 ibsp Unknown
crtc1 ppargc1a Activation
crx best1 Activation
crx nr2e3 Activation
crx rbp3 Activation
crx rbp3 Repression
crx rbp3 Unknown
crx rho Repression
crx rs1 Activation
ctbp1 brca1 Repression
ctbp1 brca2 Repression
ctbp1 cldn7 Repression
ctbp1 krt18 Unknown
ctcf ang Unknown
ctcf app Activation
ctcf app Repression
ctcf asap2 Unknown
ctcf atxn7 Unknown
ctcf bbc3 Unknown
ctcf bcl6 Repression
ctcf brca1 Unknown
ctcf ccnd1 Unknown
ctcf celsr3 Unknown
ctcf csf2 Unknown
ctcf dmpk Unknown
ctcf etnk2 Unknown
ctcf h19 Unknown
ctcf pbxip1 Unknown
ctcf igf2 Unknown
ctcf ipo13 Unknown
ctcf irak2 Unknown
ctcf meg3 Unknown
ctcf myc Activation
ctcf myc Repression
ctcf myc Unknown
ctcf nanog Unknown
ctcf nf1 Unknown
ctcf pax6 Activation
ctcf pax6 Repression
ctcf pax6 Unknown
ctcf pbxip1 Unknown
ctcf ptprg Unknown
ctcf rad21 Unknown
ctcf rarres1 Activation
ctcf rbl2 Unknown
ctcf six5 Unknown
ctcf slc6a4 Unknown
ctcf tert Repression
ctcf wt1 Unknown
ctcfl bag1 Activation
ctnnb1 ar Unknown
ctnnb1 birc5 Unknown
ctnnb1 ccnd1 Activation
ctnnb1 ccnd1 Repression
ctnnb1 ccnd1 Unknown
ctnnb1 cd44 Unknown
ctnnb1 chga Unknown
ctnnb1 cldn2 Activation
ctnnb1 fst Unknown
ctnnb1 glce Unknown
ctnnb1 gli2 Unknown
ctnnb1 jun Activation
ctnnb1 jun Unknown
ctnnb1 mmp14 Activation
ctnnb1 mmp7 Activation
ctnnb1 myc Activation
ctnnb1 myc Unknown
ctnnb1 ncoa2 Unknown
ctnnb1 nrcam Unknown
ctnnb1 pld1 Activation
ctnnb1 ppard Unknown
ctnnb1 ptgs2 Unknown
ctnnb1 rb1 Repression
ctnnb1 stard7 Activation
ctnnb1 tcf7 Unknown
ctnnb1 vim Activation
ctnnbip1 gli2 Unknown
ctnnbip1 mmp14 Unknown
ctnnbip1 stmn2 Unknown
cux1 cdkn1b Unknown
cux1 cftr Unknown
cux1 cr2 Unknown
cux1 cybb Activation
cux1 ect2 Unknown
cux1 fto Unknown
cux1 racgap1 Unknown
cux1 wnt5a Activation
dach1 fos Repression
dach1 pelp1 Unknown
dach1 tnfsf11 Repression
daxx aire Repression
dbp ackr1 Unknown
dbp aldob Activation
dbp cyp3a4 Activation
dbp cyp7a1 Activation
ddb1 cdkn2a Unknown
ddb2 bcl2 Repression
ddb2 sod2 Repression
ddb2 xpa Unknown
ddit3 ankrd1 Repression
ddit3 asns Repression
ddit3 atf2 Repression
ddit3 atf5 Repression
ddit3 atg5 Activation
ddit3 cdk2 Unknown
ddit3 cebpa Repression
ddit3 cxcl8 Unknown
ddit3 il6 Activation
ddit3 map1lc3b Activation
ddit3 mcl1 Unknown
ddit3 nos3 Repression
ddit3 rtn3 Activation
ddit3 sirt1 Repression
ddit3 sirt2 Repression
ddit3 tf Unknown
ddit3 tnfrsf10b Activation
ddit3 tnfrsf10b Repression
ddit3 tnfrsf10b Unknown
ddit3 trib3 Activation
ddx5 h19 Unknown
ddx5 igf2 Unknown
deaf1 gdf5 Unknown
deaf1 htr1a Repression
dedd cflar Unknown
dedd fadd Unknown
dek bcl2 Activation
dek birc3 Unknown
dek cxcl8 Unknown
dek hla_dqb1 Unknown
dek prdx5 Repression
dennd4a erbb2 Repression
dlx3 cga Activation
dlx4 brca1 Repression
dlx5 ibsp Activation
dlx5 ibsp Unknown
dlx5 igfbp3 Unknown
dlx5 irs2 Activation
dlx5 myc Activation
dmap1 atm Unknown
dmap1 bax Unknown
dmap1 cdkn1a Unknown
dmap1 dnmt1 Unknown
dnmt1 bag1 Unknown
dnmt1 birc5 Repression
dnmt1 bmp2 Repression
dnmt1 casp8 Repression
dnmt1 cdh1 Repression
dnmt1 cdh1 Unknown
dnmt1 cdkn2a Repression
dnmt1 cdkn2a Unknown
dnmt1 cdkn2b Unknown
dnmt1 cxcr4 Repression
dnmt1 epcam Unknown
dnmt1 esr1 Unknown
dnmt1 gad1 Repression
dnmt1 hdac1 Unknown
dnmt1 il3 Repression
dnmt1 il32 Repression
dnmt1 kir2dl3 Unknown
dnmt1 mbd2 Repression
dnmt1 mgmt Unknown
dnmt1 msh2 Activation
dnmt1 prom1 Unknown
dnmt1 rassf1 Unknown
dnmt1 rb1 Repression
dnmt1 reln Repression
dnmt1 rgs10 Unknown
dnmt1 runx3 Unknown
dnmt1 sfrp1 Unknown
dnmt1 sfrp5 Unknown
dnmt1 tert Activation
dnmt1 timp3 Repression
dnmt1 tnfrsf10b Repression
dnmt1 tp53 Unknown
dnmt1 vegfa Activation
dnmt3a cdh6 Repression
dnmt3a cdkn1a Unknown
dnmt3a cdkn2a Unknown
dnmt3a igfbp3 Repression
dnmt3a jup Unknown
dnmt3a pou5f1 Unknown
dnmt3a setdb1 Unknown
dnmt3a sfrp1 Unknown
dnmt3a sfrp5 Unknown
dnmt3l tdg Repression
dr1 nr1i2 Activation
dr1 nr2c2 Unknown
dr1 ptgs2 Activation
dr1 tbp Repression
dr1 tbp Unknown
drap1 tbp Unknown
dux4 hey1 Activation
e2f1 abcb1 Activation
e2f1 apaf1 Activation
e2f1 apaf1 Unknown
e2f1 ar Activation
e2f1 ar Unknown
e2f1 asf1b Activation
e2f1 atad2 Unknown
e2f1 atg5 Activation
e2f1 atm Activation
e2f1 atm Unknown
e2f1 aurka Activation
e2f1 aurkb Unknown
e2f1 bbc3 Activation
e2f1 bcl2 Activation
e2f1 birc5 Activation
e2f1 birc5 Repression
e2f1 birc5 Unknown
e2f1 bmi1 Unknown
e2f1 brca1 Repression
e2f1 brca1 Unknown
e2f1 casp7 Activation
e2f1 ccl3 Unknown
e2f1 ccnb1 Unknown
e2f1 ccnd1 Activation
e2f1 ccnd1 Unknown
e2f1 ccne1 Activation
e2f1 cd2ap Activation
e2f1 cdan1 Unknown
e2f1 cdc6 Unknown
e2f1 cdca7 Activation
e2f1 cdk1 Activation
e2f1 cdkn1a Activation
e2f1 cdkn1a Unknown
e2f1 cdkn1c Unknown
e2f1 cdkn2a Activation
e2f1 chek1 Unknown
e2f1 chek2 Activation
e2f1 crebbp Unknown
e2f1 ctnnbip1 Activation
e2f1 ctsv Unknown
e2f1 cux1 Unknown
e2f1 dapk2 Activation
e2f1 dbf4 Activation
e2f1 ddit3 Unknown
e2f1 dhfr Activation
e2f1 diras3 Repression
e2f1 dnmt1 Repression
e2f1 dok1 Unknown
e2f1 dram1 Activation
e2f1 drosha Activation
e2f1 dusp1 Activation
e2f1 e2f1 Unknown
e2f1 e2f6 Activation
e2f1 ect2 Unknown
e2f1 ercc1 Activation
e2f1 ercc5 Activation
e2f1 ericd Repression
e2f1 etv4 Activation
e2f1 fanca Activation
e2f1 fgfr1 Activation
e2f1 fhit Repression
e2f1 flt1 Unknown
e2f1 fmn2 Unknown
e2f1 foxm1 Activation
e2f1 fshr Unknown
e2f1 fzd1 Activation
e2f1 fzd1 Unknown
e2f1 gins3 Unknown
e2f1 h19 Activation
e2f1 hic1 Activation
e2f1 hmga1 Activation
e2f1 hspa5 Repression
e2f1 il1b Unknown
e2f1 il23a Unknown
e2f1 irf3 Repression
e2f1 isyna1 Activation
e2f1 kdr Unknown
e2f1 kif2c Activation
e2f1 kif2c Repression
e2f1 kir3dl1 Activation
e2f1 lrba Activation
e2f1 map1lc3a Activation
e2f1 map3k5 Activation
e2f1 map3k5 Unknown
e2f1 mapk8 Unknown
e2f1 mcl1 Repression
e2f1 mcm5 Unknown
e2f1 mcm8 Unknown
e2f1 mcph1 Activation
e2f1 mdm2 Repression
e2f1 mefv Activation
e2f1 mir202 Unknown
e2f1 mt1g Activation
e2f1 muc4 Activation
e2f1 myb Unknown
e2f1 mybl2 Activation
e2f1 myc Activation
e2f1 mycn Activation
e2f1 myh10 Unknown
e2f1 nell2 Unknown
e2f1 nox4 Activation
e2f1 npat Activation
e2f1 nrip1 Activation
e2f1 pcna Activation
e2f1 pcsk6 Activation
e2f1 pdk4 Repression
e2f1 peg10 Unknown
e2f1 pin1 Unknown
e2f1 plk1 Activation
e2f1 pnrc2 Repression
e2f1 pparg Activation
e2f1 pparg Unknown
e2f1 ppp1r13b Activation
e2f1 ptpro Unknown
e2f1 racgap1 Unknown
e2f1 rad51 Unknown
e2f1 rasgef1b Activation
e2f1 rasgrp1 Activation
e2f1 rb1 Activation
e2f1 rbm38 Activation
e2f1 rnf2 Unknown
e2f1 rpa2 Unknown
e2f1 rrm1 Activation
e2f1 rrm2 Activation
e2f1 rrp1b Unknown
e2f1 serpinb5 Activation
e2f1 serpine1 Repression
e2f1 siva1 Activation
e2f1 siva1 Activation
e2f1 skp2 Activation
e2f1 skp2 Unknown
e2f1 tert Activation
e2f1 tert Repression
e2f1 thbs1 Activation
e2f1 tlr3 Repression
e2f1 tnf Unknown
e2f1 tnfsf11 Activation
e2f1 top2a Activation
e2f1 tp53 Activation
e2f1 tp53 Repression
e2f1 tp53 Unknown
e2f1 tp53bp2 Activation
e2f1 tp53bp2 Unknown
e2f1 tp53inp1 Activation
e2f1 tp73 Activation
e2f1 tp73 Unknown
e2f1 tyms Activation
e2f1 tyms Unknown
e2f1 uhrf1 Activation
e2f1 uhrf1 Unknown
e2f1 ulk1 Activation
e2f1 vegfa Repression
e2f1 wwox Repression
e2f1 xrcc1 Activation
e2f1 znf350 Unknown
e2f2 cux1 Unknown
e2f2 map3k5 Unknown
e2f3 aurka Activation
e2f3 ccna2 Unknown
e2f3 ccnb1 Unknown
e2f3 cdc6 Unknown
e2f3 cdk1 Unknown
e2f3 cdkn1a Activation
e2f3 cux1 Unknown
e2f3 ericd Repression
e2f3 map3k5 Unknown
e2f3 mapk8 Unknown
e2f3 plk1 Unknown
e2f3 tfe3 Unknown
e2f3 vegfa Unknown
e2f4 ar Unknown
e2f4 aurkb Unknown
e2f4 birc5 Unknown
e2f4 brca1 Activation
e2f4 brca1 Repression
e2f4 brca1 Unknown
e2f4 ccnb1 Unknown
e2f4 ccnd1 Unknown
e2f4 cdk2 Unknown
e2f4 cux1 Unknown
e2f4 diras3 Repression
e2f4 hcfc1 Activation
e2f4 pclaf Repression
e2f4 lin54 Unknown
e2f4 ltbp4 Unknown
e2f4 map3k5 Unknown
e2f4 mcm10 Repression
e2f4 myc Unknown
e2f4 peg10 Unknown
e2f4 plk1 Repression
e2f4 plk4 Unknown
e2f4 pparg Repression
e2f4 rad51 Repression
e2f4 rad51 Unknown
e2f4 topbp1 Repression
e2f4 ttk Repression
e2f5 fshr Unknown
e2f5 loxl2 Unknown
e2f5 myc Unknown
e2f6 apaf1 Repression
e2f6 brca1 Unknown
e2f6 brd7 Unknown
e2f6 cyc1 Unknown
e2f6 e2f1 Repression
e2f6 il13 Unknown
e2f6 pclaf Repression
e2f7 e2f1 Repression
e2f8 ccnd1 Unknown
e2f8 e2f1 Repression
e4f1 ccna2 Repression
e4f1 ccna2 Unknown
eaf1 ell Activation
eapp abcb1 Activation
eapp cdkn1a Unknown
eapp cdkn2a Repression
eapp maob Repression
ebf1 atf5 Unknown
ebf3 cdkn1a Activation
ecd gcgr Repression
eed cpeb1 Unknown
egf stat1 Unknown
egr1 abcb1 Activation
egr1 abcb1 Unknown
egr1 ace Activation
egr1 ace Unknown
egr1 ache Unknown
egr1 akr1b1 Unknown
egr1 alox5 Activation
egr1 alox5 Repression
egr1 alox5 Unknown
egr1 ar Repression
egr1 atf3 Activation
egr1 atf3 Unknown
egr1 bcar1 Activation
egr1 cacna1h Unknown
egr1 ccnd1 Activation
egr1 ccnd1 Unknown
egr1 ccnd2 Unknown
egr1 cd28 Unknown
egr1 cdk5r1 Activation
egr1 cdkn1a Activation
egr1 chga Activation
egr1 cxcl8 Repression
egr1 cxcl8 Unknown
egr1 cyp2b6 Activation
egr1 dmrt1 Unknown
egr1 eapp Activation
egr1 egfr Activation
egr1 ep300 Activation
egr1 ep300 Unknown
egr1 f3 Unknown
egr1 fap Activation
egr1 fap Repression
egr1 fas Repression
egr1 faslg Unknown
egr1 fcer2 Repression
egr1 fgf2 Activation
egr1 flt1 Unknown
egr1 fn1 Activation
egr1 fn1 Unknown
egr1 gdf15 Activation
egr1 gdf15 Unknown
egr1 gdnf Unknown
egr1 ggps1 Unknown
egr1 hif1a Activation
egr1 hpse Activation
egr1 hpse Unknown
egr1 hsd11b2 Repression
egr1 hyal1 Activation
egr1 ifng Unknown
egr1 igf2 Activation
egr1 igf2 Unknown
egr1 il2 Unknown
egr1 il2rb Unknown
egr1 il3 Activation
egr1 il6 Repression
egr1 impdh2 Unknown
egr1 klk3 Repression
egr1 ldlr Activation
egr1 ldlr Unknown
egr1 lhb Activation
egr1 lhb Unknown
egr1 lmtk2 Activation
egr1 ltb Unknown
egr1 mmp14 Activation
egr1 myb Repression
egr1 nab2 Activation
egr1 nfkb1 Unknown
egr1 pcsk2 Activation
egr1 pdgfb Activation
egr1 pdgfc Activation
egr1 plau Activation
egr1 plaur Activation
egr1 por Unknown
egr1 pparg Unknown
egr1 psen2 Unknown
egr1 pten Activation
egr1 pten Unknown
egr1 ptges Activation
egr1 ptgs2 Repression
egr1 ptp4a1 Unknown
egr1 rbl2 Activation
egr1 slc4a2 Activation
egr1 slc4a2 Unknown
egr1 slc9a3 Activation
egr1 sod1 Activation
egr1 sox18 Unknown
egr1 spry1 Unknown
egr1 stim1 Activation
egr1 stmn1 Unknown
egr1 syn1 Activation
egr1 syn2 Unknown
egr1 tbxa2r Unknown
egr1 tcf4 Activation
egr1 tfpi2 Unknown
egr1 tgfbr2 Unknown
egr1 th Unknown
egr1 tmpo Activation
egr1 tnf Activation
egr1 tnfsf10 Repression
egr1 toe1 Unknown
egr1 tp53 Activation
egr1 tp73 Unknown
egr1 ube2s Activation
egr1 vegfa Activation
egr1 vegfa Repression
egr1 vegfa Unknown
egr1 wnt4 Repression
egr1 wnt4 Unknown
egr2 faslg Repression
egr2 gjb1 Unknown
egr2 ido1 Unknown
egr2 igf2 Unknown
egr2 il6 Unknown
egr2 lif Unknown
egr2 mpz Unknown
egr2 ptgs2 Unknown
egr2 scd5 Repression
egr3 cat Activation
egr3 nab2 Activation
egr3 spry1 Unknown
ehf dcdc2 Repression
ehf sprr1b Activation
ehmt2 birc5 Unknown
ehmt2 cdkn1a Unknown
ehmt2 runx3 Activation
ehmt2 siah1 Repression
eif2ak2 cd4 Unknown
eif2ak2 irs2 Unknown
elf1 brca2 Unknown
elf1 cd68 Activation
elf1 cybb Unknown
elf1 erbb2 Unknown
elf1 fcer1a Repression
elf1 fli1 Activation
elf1 meis1 Activation
elf1 tek Activation
elf1 tlr9 Unknown
elf2 tek Activation
elf2 vcp Activation
elf3 cldn7 Unknown
elf3 krt4 Repression
elf3 mmp9 Repression
elf3 ptgs2 Unknown
elf3 sprr1a Unknown
elf3 sprr1b Activation
elf3 sprr2a Activation
elf3 sprr3 Unknown
elf3 timp3 Activation
elf4 cxcl8 Activation
elf4 cxcl8 Repression
elf4 hbd Activation
elf4 mdm2 Unknown
elf4 mmp9 Repression
elf4 tp53 Repression
elk1 cited2 Unknown
elk1 dap3 Unknown
elk1 eif2ak1 Activation
elk1 erbb2 Unknown
elk1 ezh2 Activation
elk1 fos Unknown
elk1 fosl1 Activation
elk1 fut4 Unknown
elk1 mcl1 Unknown
elk1 mecom Activation
elk1 muc4 Activation
elk1 pdgfb Unknown
elk1 psen1 Activation
elk1 ptprz1 Unknown
elk1 skp2 Unknown
elk1 srf Unknown
elk1 tlr9 Unknown
elk1 tnfrsf10b Activation
elk1 wisp2 Unknown
elk1 zfp36 Unknown
elk3 myh6 Repression
elk4 fos Activation
elk4 fos Unknown
elk4 mcl1 Unknown
elk4 nr2c2 Unknown
ell bax Repression
ell cdkn1a Repression
ell e2f1 Repression
ell mdm2 Repression
en1 utrn Repression
eno1 hsd3b2 Unknown
eno1 myc Repression
eno1 myc Unknown
eno1 mycn Unknown
eno1 ptgs2 Unknown
eomes ifng Unknown
ep300 abcb1 Unknown
ep300 alox15 Activation
ep300 birc5 Activation
ep300 birc5 Repression
ep300 brca1 Activation
ep300 brca1 Unknown
ep300 ca9 Activation
ep300 ccnb2 Unknown
ep300 ccnd1 Unknown
ep300 ccne1 Activation
ep300 cdkn1a Activation
ep300 cdkn1a Unknown
ep300 cdkn2b Unknown
ep300 col1a2 Unknown
ep300 crabp1 Activation
ep300 crebbp Unknown
ep300 cxcl8 Unknown
ep300 cybb Repression
ep300 cyp1b1 Unknown
ep300 dnmt1 Activation
ep300 eif2ak1 Activation
ep300 epo Activation
ep300 erbb2 Unknown
ep300 ezh2 Unknown
ep300 gfap Activation
ep300 hinfp Activation
ep300 ifng Activation
ep300 igf1 Unknown
ep300 igfbp3 Activation
ep300 il12b Activation
ep300 il5 Unknown
ep300 il6 Unknown
ep300 klk3 Unknown
ep300 krt16 Activation
ep300 lama3 Repression
ep300 mdm2 Unknown
ep300 mgmt Unknown
ep300 mmp9 Activation
ep300 myc Repression
ep300 nfkb1 Unknown
ep300 nr0b2 Activation
ep300 nr1h4 Repression
ep300 parp1 Unknown
ep300 pcna Repression
ep300 ptgs2 Activation
ep300 ptgs2 Unknown
ep300 rad51 Unknown
ep300 rela Unknown
ep300 rs1 Unknown
ep300 s100a4 Unknown
ep300 slc9a2 Unknown
ep300 tbxas1 Activation
ep300 thbd Repression
ep300 tp73 Activation
ep300 trim22 Activation
ep300 vcam1 Activation
ep300 vegfa Activation
ep300 wt1 Activation
ep300 yy1 Unknown
ep300 zeb1 Unknown
epas1 ca9 Activation
epas1 ccr7 Activation
epas1 col10a1 Activation
epas1 flt1 Activation
epas1 mmp14 Activation
epas1 msc Activation
epas1 ptprz1 Unknown
epas1 serpine1 Activation
epas1 usf2 Unknown
epas1 vegfa Activation
epas1 vegfa Unknown
ercc2 bax Activation
ercc2 bcl2 Repression
ercc2 cdkn1a Activation
ercc2 cpd Unknown
ercc2 e2f1 Unknown
ercc2 lamtor5 Repression
ercc2 tp53 Activation
ercc2 xpa Unknown
erf ets2 Repression
erf prl Repression
erf utrn Repression
erg adamts1 Activation
erg cdh5 Unknown
erg crisp3 Unknown
erg cxcl8 Repression
erg cxcr4 Activation
erg eng Activation
erg eng Unknown
erg epb41l3 Repression
erg epb41l4b Activation
erg erg Activation
erg fgf2 Repression
erg hist1h4l Unknown
erg hmox1 Unknown
erg hpgd Unknown
erg icam1 Repression
erg icam2 Unknown
erg ilk Repression
erg kcnn2 Unknown
erg pim1 Activation
erg sox4 Unknown
erg spp1 Activation
erg tdrd1 Activation
erg tdrd1 Repression
erg tff3 Unknown
erg tmprss2 Unknown
erg vim Activation
erg vwf Activation
erg vwf Unknown
erg wnt11 Activation
erg zeb1 Unknown
esr1 abcg2 Unknown
esr1 ahr Unknown
esr1 amh Activation
esr1 ar Activation
esr1 avp Unknown
esr1 bcl2 Activation
esr1 bcl2 Unknown
esr1 blm Activation
esr1 brca1 Unknown
esr1 btg2 Repression
esr1 ccna2 Activation
esr1 ccnd1 Activation
esr1 ccnd1 Unknown
esr1 cd24 Repression
esr1 cdh1 Unknown
esr1 cdk4 Unknown
esr1 cdkn1a Activation
esr1 cdkn1a Repression
esr1 cdkn1b Repression
esr1 cebpb Unknown
esr1 chat Unknown
esr1 crh Repression
esr1 crhbp Activation
esr1 ctnnb1 Repression
esr1 ctsd Unknown
esr1 cxcl12 Unknown
esr1 cyp19a1 Activation
esr1 cyp1a1 Repression
esr1 cyp1b1 Unknown
esr1 cyp2c19 Repression
esr1 dct Activation
esr1 e2f1 Unknown
esr1 egfr Unknown
esr1 esr1 Unknown
esr1 esrra Unknown
esr1 f12 Activation
esr1 flt1 Unknown
esr1 fos Unknown
esr1 foxp1 Activation
esr1 greb1 Activation
esr1 greb1 Unknown
esr1 hspb1 Activation
esr1 htra2 Activation
esr1 jak2 Unknown
esr1 jun Activation
esr1 jun Unknown
esr1 junb Activation
esr1 kdr Activation
esr1 krt19 Activation
esr1 mdm2 Unknown
esr1 micb Unknown
esr1 mmp13 Unknown
esr1 mta3 Unknown
esr1 myc Unknown
esr1 nqo1 Repression
esr1 nr5a2 Unknown
esr1 nrf1 Activation
esr1 oxt Unknown
esr1 pelp1 Unknown
esr1 pgr Activation
esr1 pgr Unknown
esr1 plac1 Activation
esr1 plac1 Unknown
esr1 pmaip1 Activation
esr1 ptma Repression
esr1 rara Activation
esr1 ret Unknown
esr1 runx2 Unknown
esr1 serpinb9 Unknown
esr1 serpine1 Activation
esr1 sp1 Unknown
esr1 tac3 Activation
esr1 tert Activation
esr1 tff1 Activation
esr1 tff1 Unknown
esr1 tgfa Activation
esr1 tgfa Unknown
esr1 tp53 Repression
esr1 tyms Unknown
esr1 ugt1a4 Activation
esr1 ugt2b15 Activation
esr1 vegfa Activation
esr1 vegfa Unknown
esr1 ywhaq Unknown
esr1 zeb1 Activation
esr1 zfhx3 Activation
esr2 avp Unknown
esr2 brca2 Repression
esr2 cd68 Unknown
esr2 cdkn1a Activation
esr2 chat Unknown
esr2 crh Repression
esr2 ctsd Unknown
esr2 fos Unknown
esr2 insr Repression
esr2 jun Unknown
esr2 mknk2 Unknown
esr2 oxt Unknown
esr2 pelp1 Unknown
esr2 ptprc Unknown
esr2 serpine1 Repression
esr2 tert Unknown
esr2 tff1 Activation
esr2 tff1 Unknown
esr2 tgfa Activation
esr2 vegfa Unknown
esrra ahr Unknown
esrra cyp19a1 Activation
esrra cyp19a1 Unknown
esrra dap3 Unknown
esrra nr2f1 Repression
esrra nr2f6 Repression
esrra nrip1 Activation
esrra pnrc1 Unknown
esrra snai1 Repression
esrra snai2 Repression
esrrb bcas2 Unknown
esrrg nr0b1 Activation
ets1 abcb1 Activation
ets1 angpt2 Activation
ets1 anpep Activation
ets1 atxn2 Unknown
ets1 bax Repression
ets1 bmp4 Activation
ets1 emsy Unknown
ets1 ca9 Repression
ets1 casp1 Activation
ets1 cd6 Unknown
ets1 cd8a Activation
ets1 cdkn1a Unknown
ets1 cdkn2a Unknown
ets1 chuk Activation
ets1 col1a1 Unknown
ets1 cr1 Unknown
ets1 csf2 Unknown
ets1 csf3r Activation
ets1 csnk2a1 Unknown
ets1 csnk2b Unknown
ets1 ctgf Unknown
ets1 ctsb Unknown
ets1 cxcr4 Unknown
ets1 dusp6 Unknown
ets1 ece1 Activation
ets1 egr1 Activation
ets1 egr1 Unknown
ets1 erg Activation
ets1 f13a1 Unknown
ets1 fgfbp1 Unknown
ets1 fli1 Activation
ets1 flt1 Unknown
ets1 foxd1 Unknown
ets1 gp6 Activation
ets1 grpr Activation
ets1 hmox1 Unknown
ets1 hpgd Unknown
ets1 igfbp1 Unknown
ets1 il2 Repression
ets1 il2rb Activation
ets1 il3 Unknown
ets1 il5 Activation
ets1 itgb3 Unknown
ets1 cip2a Activation
ets1 lck Activation
ets1 mdm2 Repression
ets1 mgat5 Unknown
ets1 mmp1 Activation
ets1 mmp1 Unknown
ets1 mmp10 Unknown
ets1 mmp13 Activation
ets1 mmp3 Unknown
ets1 mmp9 Activation
ets1 mmp9 Unknown
ets1 muc4 Activation
ets1 myb Activation
ets1 ndrg1 Repression
ets1 nkx3_1 Activation
ets1 parp1 Activation
ets1 parp1 Repression
ets1 pf4 Activation
ets1 pf4 Unknown
ets1 plau Unknown
ets1 prl Activation
ets1 prl Unknown
ets1 pthlh Activation
ets1 pthlh Unknown
ets1 rhoc Activation
ets1 slc26a3 Activation
ets1 spry2 Unknown
ets1 sqstm1 Unknown
ets1 taf12 Unknown
ets1 tbxa2r Activation
ets1 tbxas1 Repression
ets1 tert Repression
ets1 tfap2a Activation
ets1 tgfbr2 Activation
ets1 tgfbr2 Unknown
ets1 tmem158 Activation
ets1 tnc Activation
ets1 tnc Unknown
ets1 tnfsf14 Activation
ets1 tp53 Unknown
ets1 tra Activation
ets1 tra Unknown
ets1 trb Repression
ets1 vwf Unknown
ets1 was Unknown
ets1 wt1 Activation
ets2 angpt2 Activation
ets2 anpep Activation
ets2 app Unknown
ets2 cd163 Unknown
ets2 cdk1 Unknown
ets2 cdkn1a Unknown
ets2 cdkn2a Unknown
ets2 cga Activation
ets2 chrne Activation
ets2 csf2 Activation
ets2 csf3r Activation
ets2 cxcl8 Activation
ets2 egr1 Unknown
ets2 erg Activation
ets2 fli1 Activation
ets2 icam1 Activation
ets2 il12b Unknown
ets2 il5 Activation
ets2 lck Activation
ets2 mdm2 Activation
ets2 mmp1 Unknown
ets2 mmp2 Unknown
ets2 mmp3 Unknown
ets2 mmp9 Activation
ets2 msr1 Activation
ets2 myc Unknown
ets2 pde7a Unknown
ets2 tert Unknown
ets2 tlr9 Unknown
ets2 tnc Unknown
ets2 tp53 Unknown
ets2 vwf Unknown
etv1 ar Unknown
etv1 cat Unknown
etv3 mmp1 Unknown
etv3 nfkb1 Repression
etv3 rela Repression
etv4 agtr1 Activation
etv4 bdkrb1 Unknown
etv4 bts1 Unknown
etv4 ccnd2 Activation
etv4 ccnd3 Activation
etv4 egln1 Unknown
etv4 erbb2 Repression
etv4 erbb2 Unknown
etv4 ets1 Activation
etv4 gba Unknown
etv4 mmp1 Unknown
etv4 mmp14 Activation
etv4 mmp2 Unknown
etv4 mmp7 Activation
etv4 mmp7 Unknown
etv4 muc4 Activation
etv4 plaur Unknown
etv4 ptgs2 Activation
etv4 syn2 Unknown
etv4 tert Activation
etv4 tgfbr2 Unknown
etv4 timp2 Unknown
etv4 tnf Unknown
etv4 vim Activation
etv5 icam1 Activation
etv5 mmp2 Unknown
etv6 bbc3 Activation
etv6 cdkn1a Activation
etv6 gas2 Repression
etv6 igfbp5 Activation
etv6 mad2l1 Repression
etv7 ets1 Unknown
etv7 ets2 Unknown
etv7 etv6 Unknown
evx1 gsc Repression
ewsr1 atf1 Unknown
ewsr1 cck Unknown
ewsr1 egr2 Unknown
ewsr1 mitf Activation
ewsr1 nr0b1 Unknown
ewsr1 phlda1 Repression
ewsr1 pou4f1 Unknown
ewsr1 tert Activation
ewsr1 tgfbr2 Repression
ezh2 adamts1 Repression
ezh2 adrb2 Repression
ezh2 aldh1a1 Repression
ezh2 apc Repression
ezh2 axl Activation
ezh2 brca1 Unknown
ezh2 ccnd1 Activation
ezh2 ccne1 Activation
ezh2 cdh1 Repression
ezh2 cdkn1a Repression
ezh2 cdkn1a Unknown
ezh2 cdkn2a Repression
ezh2 cdkn2b Repression
ezh2 ciita Repression
ezh2 cpeb1 Unknown
ezh2 dact3 Repression
ezh2 fbxo32 Repression
ezh2 fbxo32 Unknown
ezh2 foxc1 Repression
ezh2 hdac1 Repression
ezh2 hoxb13 Repression
ezh2 igfbp1 Unknown
ezh2 kpnb1 Activation
ezh2 mmp2 Activation
ezh2 mst1 Repression
ezh2 myc Repression
ezh2 pax8 Unknown
ezh2 pcna Activation
ezh2 pebp1 Repression
ezh2 pip5k1c Repression
ezh2 polr3d Unknown
ezh2 prl Unknown
ezh2 pten Unknown
ezh2 rplp0 Activation
ezh2 runx3 Repression
ezh2 satb1 Repression
ezh2 sfrp1 Unknown
ezh2 snai2 Repression
ezh2 sstr1 Repression
ezh2 tp53 Repression
ezh2 tp53 Unknown
ezh2 twist1 Repression
ezh2 vdr Unknown
fhl2 ccnd1 Repression
fhl2 cdkn1a Activation
fhl2 cdkn1b Activation
fhl2 nfkb1 Unknown
fhl2 rela Unknown
figla tcf3 Unknown
fli1 cck Unknown
fli1 col1a2 Repression
fli1 ctgf Unknown
fli1 ep300 Unknown
fli1 erg Activation
fli1 eya3 Activation
fli1 fli1 Activation
fli1 foxm1 Activation
fli1 gata1 Activation
fli1 gp6 Activation
fli1 gp9 Activation
fli1 hdac1 Unknown
fli1 hmox1 Unknown
fli1 id2 Activation
fli1 igfbp3 Repression
fli1 il10 Activation
fli1 itga2b Unknown
fli1 mir708 Repression
fli1 mmp1 Repression
fli1 mpl Activation
fli1 pf4 Unknown
fli1 phlda1 Repression
fli1 tert Activation
fli1 tert Unknown
fli1 tgfbr2 Activation
fli1 tgfbr2 Repression
fos acta1 Unknown
fos batf3 Unknown
fos bcl2l1 Unknown
fos casp9 Activation
fos cck Activation
fos cck Unknown
fos ccnd1 Repression
fos cd40lg Unknown
fos clu Repression
fos crem Activation
fos crp Unknown
fos csta Unknown
fos cxcl8 Unknown
fos cyp1a2 Unknown
fos ddit3 Activation
fos ercc4 Activation
fos ezr Activation
fos fas Activation
fos fgfbp1 Unknown
fos vegfd Unknown
fos fmo4 Activation
fos fos Repression
fos foxa1 Unknown
fos gstp1 Unknown
fos hsph1 Activation
fos il1a Unknown
fos lrig2 Unknown
fos meltf Unknown
fos mmp1 Activation
fos mmp1 Unknown
fos mmp3 Unknown
fos mmp7 Unknown
fos mmp9 Activation
fos mmp9 Repression
fos mmp9 Unknown
fos myc Repression
fos nefl Activation
fos nfkb1 Repression
fos ngf Unknown
fos nos2 Activation
fos nos2 Repression
fos nppa Unknown
fos npy Unknown
fos nqo1 Unknown
fos ntf3 Unknown
fos nts Unknown
fos oxtr Unknown
fos pck2 Unknown
fos pdha1 Unknown
fos pgr Unknown
fos plau Unknown
fos plaur Unknown
fos ptgs2 Activation
fos ptgs2 Unknown
fos slc10a2 Repression
fos smad4 Unknown
fos smad7 Activation
fos sox7 Activation
fos spi1 Repression
fos sprr3 Unknown
fos srr Activation
fos star Unknown
fos tp53 Unknown
fosb cxcl8 Activation
fosb tgfb1 Unknown
fosb timp1 Repression
fosb timp1 Unknown
fosl1 clu Unknown
fosl1 ezh2 Unknown
fosl1 gclc Unknown
fosl1 itgav Repression
fosl1 itgb3 Repression
fosl1 ivl Unknown
fosl1 mmp1 Unknown
fosl1 plaur Unknown
fosl1 sftpd Unknown
fosl2 bcl6 Activation
fosl2 brca1 Activation
fosl2 ccr4 Activation
fosl2 clu Unknown
fosl2 fosl1 Activation
fosl2 ibsp Unknown
fosl2 il5 Unknown
fosl2 ivl Unknown
fosl2 mdm2 Activation
fosl2 myb Activation
fosl2 nos2 Activation
fosl2 plaur Unknown
fosl2 tgfb1 Unknown
fosl2 timp1 Repression
fosl2 ugt2b15 Activation
foxa1 abca1 Repression
foxa1 agr2 Unknown
foxa1 apob Activation
foxa1 bcl2 Repression
foxa1 brca1 Unknown
foxa1 ccng2 Unknown
foxa1 cftr Repression
foxa1 esr1 Unknown
foxa1 gcg Unknown
foxa1 hspa1a Activation
foxa1 krt7 Activation
foxa1 myc Unknown
foxa1 nf1 Activation
foxa1 nkx2_1 Unknown
foxa1 ret Unknown
foxa1 rprm Repression
foxa1 serpinc1 Repression
foxa1 sftpb Activation
foxa1 tff1 Unknown
foxa1 ugt2b15 Unknown
foxa1 ugt2b17 Activation
foxa2 abca1 Repression
foxa2 agr2 Unknown
foxa2 apoa1 Unknown
foxa2 cdh1 Activation
foxa2 cftr Repression
foxa2 col18a1 Unknown
foxa2 gcg Unknown
foxa2 gfer Unknown
foxa2 mmp7 Activation
foxa2 nkx2_1 Unknown
foxa2 nr5a2 Activation
foxa2 pax6 Repression
foxa2 serpinc1 Repression
foxa2 slco1b3 Unknown
foxa2 sox14 Activation
foxa2 tcf7l2 Unknown
foxa2 tff1 Unknown
foxa2 tpo Activation
foxa3 cyp3a4 Unknown
foxa3 cyp3a7 Unknown
foxc1 fgf19 Activation
foxc1 foxo1 Unknown
foxc2 angpt2 Unknown
foxd3 capn6 Unknown
foxd3 cyfip2 Activation
foxd3 mitf Repression
foxd3 ndrg1 Activation
foxd3 rarb Activation
foxd3 rnd3 Unknown
foxd3 spp1 Activation
foxd3 znf175 Unknown
foxe1 msx1 Activation
foxe1 tpo Unknown
foxf1 cdh1 Unknown
foxf1 gh2 Activation
foxf2 bambi Activation
foxf2 cxcl12 Activation
foxf2 itgb1 Repression
foxf2 mt1e Repression
foxf2 mt1f Repression
foxf2 pdgfa Repression
foxf2 psg7 Repression
foxf2 wasf2 Activation
foxg1 cdkn1a Repression
foxh1 ar Repression
foxh1 ctcf Unknown
foxi1 cftr Repression
foxi1 slc26a4 Unknown
foxj1 aspm Unknown
foxk2 il2 Unknown
foxk2 sin3a Unknown
foxl1 bmp4 Activation
foxl2 ccnd2 Repression
foxl2 cyp11a1 Repression
foxl2 cyp19a1 Repression
foxl2 sirt1 Activation
foxl2 star Repression
foxm1 apoe Unknown
foxm1 ar Activation
foxm1 brip1 Unknown
foxm1 btg2 Activation
foxm1 ccnb1 Activation
foxm1 cdc25a Unknown
foxm1 cdc25b Activation
foxm1 cdc6 Activation
foxm1 cdh1 Unknown
foxm1 cdkn2a Repression
foxm1 cyp3a4 Unknown
foxm1 fgb Repression
foxm1 krt15 Unknown
foxm1 myc Activation
foxm1 sftpb Activation
foxm1 vegfa Unknown
foxm1 vegfb Unknown
foxn1 dsg4 Repression
foxn4 pank2 Unknown
foxo1 adipor1 Activation
foxo1 angpt2 Unknown
foxo1 ar Repression
foxo1 cdkn1b Activation
foxo1 cxcr4 Activation
foxo1 edn1 Unknown
foxo1 egr1 Repression
foxo1 fabp4 Activation
foxo1 fshb Repression
foxo1 hyou1 Unknown
foxo1 igfbp1 Activation
foxo1 igfbp1 Repression
foxo1 igfbp1 Unknown
foxo1 il6 Activation
foxo1 irs2 Unknown
foxo1 klf2 Unknown
foxo1 lhb Unknown
foxo1 neurog3 Unknown
foxo1 nkx6_1 Unknown
foxo1 nlk Unknown
foxo1 pdgfa Unknown
foxo1 pdgfb Unknown
foxo1 prl Unknown
foxo1 rag1 Unknown
foxo1 tnfsf10 Activation
foxo1 txnip Repression
foxo3 ar Activation
foxo3 ar Unknown
foxo3 bbc3 Unknown
foxo3 bcl2l11 Unknown
foxo3 bcl6 Activation
foxo3 birc5 Unknown
foxo3 ccnd2 Repression
foxo3 cdkn2b Unknown
foxo3 faslg Activation
foxo3 foxm1 Repression
foxo3 galt Activation
foxo3 myocd Repression
foxo3 pik3ca Unknown
foxo3 sirt1 Activation
foxo3 sirt6 Activation
foxo3 tnfsf10 Activation
foxo3 txnip Activation
foxo3 vegfa Unknown
foxo3 vegfb Unknown
foxo4 bcl6 Activation
foxo4 creb1 Activation
foxo4 hif1a Repression
foxo4 psmd11 Unknown
foxo4 sod2 Activation
foxo4 tnfsf10 Activation
foxp1 hip1r Unknown
foxp1 klk3 Repression
foxp1 rag1 Unknown
foxp2 cntnap2 Repression
foxp2 cntnap2 Unknown
foxp2 met Repression
foxp2 nkx2_1 Repression
foxp2 plaur Activation
foxp2 plaur Unknown
foxp2 srpx Activation
foxp2 srpx2 Unknown
foxp3 brca1 Repression
foxp3 ccr4 Activation
foxp3 cdkn1a Unknown
foxp3 erbb2 Unknown
foxp3 il10 Unknown
foxp3 il2 Repression
foxp3 il2ra Activation
foxp3 satb1 Unknown
foxp3 tlr10 Unknown
foxp3 usp21 Activation
foxp3 znf205 Unknown
foxq1 bcl11a Activation
foxq1 cdh1 Unknown
foxq1 rspo2 Activation
foxq1 twist1 Activation
foxq1 vegfa Activation
foxq1 wnt3a Activation
fubp1 cdkn1a Unknown
fubp1 myc Unknown
fubp3 fgf9 Unknown
fus ar Unknown
fus ddit3 Activation
fus klk3 Unknown
fus mdm2 Repression
gabpa erbb2 Unknown
gabpa oxtr Unknown
gabpa rps3a Unknown
gabpa tomm70 Activation
gabpa znf205 Unknown
gabpb1 oxtr Unknown
gabpb2 rps3a Unknown
gata1 aggf1 Activation
gata1 alas2 Unknown
gata1 bace1 Unknown
gata1 bach1 Activation
gata1 bdkrb1 Unknown
gata1 bst2 Activation
gata1 cbfb Repression
gata1 ccr3 Unknown
gata1 cda Activation
gata1 cdc6 Activation
gata1 cebpa Repression
gata1 cops5 Unknown
gata1 cybb Activation
gata1 dach1 Repression
gata1 dicer1 Activation
gata1 dpysl2 Unknown
gata1 epo Activation
gata1 epo Repression
gata1 epor Activation
gata1 epor Unknown
gata1 f13a1 Unknown
gata1 fcer1a Activation
gata1 fcer1a Unknown
gata1 fli1 Unknown
gata1 furin Unknown
gata1 gata1 Activation
gata1 gata1 Unknown
gata1 gfi1b Unknown
gata1 gnas Unknown
gata1 gp1bb Activation
gata1 gp1bb Unknown
gata1 gp6 Activation
gata1 gp9 Activation
gata1 gp9 Unknown
gata1 gypb Activation
gata1 hba1 Unknown
gata1 hba2 Unknown
gata1 hbb Unknown
gata1 hbe1 Unknown
gata1 hbg1 Unknown
gata1 hemgn Repression
gata1 hemgn Unknown
gata1 pbxip1 Unknown
gata1 ifng Unknown
gata1 il1rl1 Unknown
gata1 itga2b Unknown
gata1 klf1 Unknown
gata1 ltbp4 Unknown
gata1 mpl Activation
gata1 muc1 Unknown
gata1 nfe2 Unknown
gata1 pbxip1 Unknown
gata1 pf4 Activation
gata1 ppox Unknown
gata1 prg2 Activation
gata1 ptgfr Repression
gata1 runx1 Unknown
gata1 semg1 Unknown
gata1 smad1 Unknown
gata1 spi1 Repression
gata1 st2 Unknown
gata1 tal1 Unknown
gata1 tbxa2r Activation
gata1 wt1 Activation
gata1 wt1 Unknown
gata1 znf268 Repression
gata2 adh1a Activation
gata2 angpt2 Unknown
gata2 ar Activation
gata2 cybb Repression
gata2 dpysl2 Unknown
gata2 epo Repression
gata2 ervw_1 Activation
gata2 fcer1a Activation
gata2 gata1 Activation
gata2 gata1 Unknown
gata2 il1rl1 Unknown
gata2 ms4a2 Activation
gata2 nos3 Activation
gata2 pecam1 Unknown
gata2 pparg Repression
gata2 prg2 Repression
gata2 spi1 Repression
gata2 st2 Unknown
gata2 tshb Unknown
gata2 wt1 Activation
gata3 aldh1a2 Unknown
gata3 cd40lg Activation
gata3 cd8a Activation
gata3 cd8b Unknown
gata3 cdh1 Activation
gata3 cdh3 Repression
gata3 cdx2 Activation
gata3 chst4 Activation
gata3 cxcl1 Repression
gata3 epo Repression
gata3 epor Unknown
gata3 erg Activation
gata3 ervw_1 Activation
gata3 esr1 Unknown
gata3 foxc1 Repression
gata3 foxc2 Repression
gata3 fut7 Unknown
gata3 gata3 Unknown
gata3 hsd17b1 Repression
gata3 ifng Unknown
gata3 il10 Unknown
gata3 il12rb2 Repression
gata3 il4 Unknown
gata3 il5 Activation
gata3 il5 Unknown
gata3 klk1 Unknown
gata3 lox Repression
gata3 mmp1 Unknown
gata3 muc1 Activation
gata3 nfkb1 Unknown
gata3 paep Activation
gata3 rela Unknown
gata3 slco4c1 Unknown
gata3 stat4 Repression
gata3 tcf7l2 Unknown
gata3 tek Activation
gata3 tgfbr3 Unknown
gata3 tra Unknown
gata3 zeb1 Activation
gata4 amh Activation
gata4 amh Unknown
gata4 ccnd2 Activation
gata4 cyp17a1 Unknown
gata4 erbb2 Repression
gata4 fabp2 Activation
gata4 fcgr2b Unknown
gata4 fcgr3b Unknown
gata4 fgf10 Unknown
gata4 hamp Activation
gata4 hdac9 Repression
gata4 iapp Activation
gata4 il5 Activation
gata4 nos3 Activation
gata4 nppa Activation
gata4 nppb Unknown
gata4 sgpl1 Unknown
gata4 si Activation
gata4 star Unknown
gata4 sumo1 Unknown
gata5 slc5a1 Unknown
gata6 apoa1 Unknown
gata6 cav1 Repression
gata6 cyp11a1 Activation
gata6 cyp17a1 Activation
gata6 cyp17a1 Unknown
gata6 dab2 Activation
gata6 dkk1 Unknown
gata6 plau Repression
gata6 sult2a1 Activation
gata6 vwf Unknown
gbx2 il6 Activation
gcm1 ervfrd_1 Unknown
gcm1 ervw_1 Activation
gcm1 mfsd2a Unknown
gcm1 pgf Activation
gcm2 casr Activation
gcm2 pth Activation
gfi1 bax Repression
gfi1 cdkn1a Unknown
gfi1 cyp27b1 Repression
gfi1 elane Unknown
gfi1 gucy1b1 Unknown
gfi1 nf1 Unknown
gfi1b mef2c Repression
gli1 akt1 Unknown
gli1 bcl2 Activation
gli1 bcl2 Repression
gli1 bcl2 Unknown
gli1 bhlhe41 Activation
gli1 cdk2 Activation
gli1 cyr61 Activation
gli1 egr2 Repression
gli1 fas Repression
gli1 h2afx Repression
gli1 il1r2 Unknown
gli1 jun Unknown
gli1 muc5ac Activation
gli1 pdgfra Activation
gli1 s100a7 Unknown
gli1 s100a9 Unknown
gli1 sfrp1 Activation
gli1 smad4 Unknown
gli1 socs1 Activation
gli1 sox9 Unknown
gli1 tnfrsf10b Repression
gli2 bcl2 Activation
gli2 bhlhe41 Unknown
gli2 cdh1 Repression
gli2 fas Repression
gli2 foxa2 Unknown
gli2 foxc2 Unknown
gli2 foxe1 Unknown
gli2 foxf1 Activation
gli2 foxf1 Unknown
gli2 foxl1 Unknown
gli2 fst Activation
gli2 h2afx Repression
gli2 ifitm5 Activation
gli2 jun Unknown
gli2 muc5ac Activation
gli2 pdgfra Activation
gli2 socs1 Activation
gli2 tnfrsf10b Repression
gli2 wnt2b Activation
gli3 hla_g Repression
gli3 smo Activation
gli3 vmp1 Activation
glis3 ins Unknown
grhl1 cyp11a1 Unknown
gsc gsc2 Unknown
gtf2a1 tbp Unknown
gtf2b bdkrb1 Unknown
gtf2f1 bglap Unknown
gtf2i dnaaf4 Unknown
gtf2i hspa5 Activation
gtf2i sirt1 Activation
gtf3a adm Unknown
gtf3a bag3 Activation
gtf3a fus Unknown
gtf3a rad51b Unknown
gtf3a stat1 Unknown
gzf1 hoxa10 Repression
hand2 dbh Activation
hand2 gata4 Unknown
hand2 nppa Activation
hand2 phox2a Activation
hax1 atp2a2 Repression
hbp1 cdkn1a Repression
hbp1 dnmt1 Repression
hbp1 mif Repression
hbp1 ncf1 Repression
hcfc1 e2f1 Activation
hcfc1 e2f4 Repression
hcfc1 mmachc Unknown
hdac1 abcb1 Repression
hdac1 alox15 Unknown
hdac1 apoc3 Unknown
hdac1 ar Unknown
hdac1 bambi Repression
hdac1 bcl2a1 Activation
hdac1 birc3 Activation
hdac1 birc5 Unknown
hdac1 brca2 Repression
hdac1 ccnd1 Activation
hdac1 ccnd1 Repression
hdac1 ccnd2 Repression
hdac1 cd1d Repression
hdac1 cd44 Repression
hdac1 cd82 Repression
hdac1 cdh1 Repression
hdac1 cdh1 Unknown
hdac1 cdkn1a Repression
hdac1 cdkn1a Unknown
hdac1 cdkn2a Unknown
hdac1 cldn7 Activation
hdac1 col1a2 Activation
hdac1 col1a2 Unknown
hdac1 cxcl8 Unknown
hdac1 cyp3a4 Unknown
hdac1 defb1 Unknown
hdac1 dnmt1 Unknown
hdac1 e2f1 Repression
hdac1 egfr Repression
hdac1 egr1 Repression
hdac1 eif2ak1 Repression
hdac1 epcam Unknown
hdac1 esr1 Repression
hdac1 esr1 Unknown
hdac1 fos Repression
hdac1 gad1 Repression
hdac1 grin2b Activation
hdac1 hla_dra Repression
hdac1 hmgcs1 Unknown
hdac1 hspa5 Repression
hdac1 icam1 Activation
hdac1 igfbp3 Activation
hdac1 il2 Repression
hdac1 klf4 Repression
hdac1 abcb1 Unknown
hdac1 mgmt Unknown
hdac1 mica Unknown
hdac1 micb Unknown
hdac1 mmp28 Repression
hdac1 mmp9 Repression
hdac1 nfkb1 Unknown
hdac1 nos3 Unknown
hdac1 pcna Repression
hdac1 pcna Unknown
hdac1 phb Repression
hdac1 pou5f1 Unknown
hdac1 psip1 Unknown
hdac1 ptgs2 Activation
hdac1 rarb Repression
hdac1 reck Activation
hdac1 reck Repression
hdac1 reck Unknown
hdac1 recql4 Repression
hdac1 reln Repression
hdac1 rgs10 Unknown
hdac1 rhob Repression
hdac1 runx3 Activation
hdac1 runx3 Repression
hdac1 runx3 Unknown
hdac1 serpinb5 Unknown
hdac1 sfrp1 Unknown
hdac1 smad7 Unknown
hdac1 snai2 Repression
hdac1 sp1 Repression
hdac1 spp1 Repression
hdac1 stat3 Unknown
hdac1 tert Unknown
hdac1 tff1 Repression
hdac1 tjp1 Repression
hdac1 tnfrsf10a Unknown
hdac1 tp53 Repression
hdac1 txnip Repression
hdac10 txnip Repression
hdac11 il10 Repression
hdac11 il17a Repression
hdac11 myc Unknown
hdac11 tnf Repression
hdac11 tnfsf4 Activation
hdac2 alox5 Activation
hdac2 apaf1 Repression
hdac2 bmp7 Repression
hdac2 cad Unknown
hdac2 ccl2 Unknown
hdac2 ccne1 Repression
hdac2 cd1d Repression
hdac2 cdh1 Repression
hdac2 cdkn1a Unknown
hdac2 col1a2 Repression
hdac2 cxcl8 Repression
hdac2 cxcl8 Unknown
hdac2 dec1 Unknown
hdac2 dnmt1 Repression
hdac2 grm2 Unknown
hdac2 igf1 Unknown
hdac2 klf4 Repression
hdac2 muc5ac Repression
hdac2 myc Unknown
hdac2 mycn Unknown
hdac2 phb Repression
hdac2 snai2 Repression
hdac2 sp1 Repression
hdac2 tgfbr2 Repression
hdac2 tnfsf10 Repression
hdac2 tp63 Unknown
hdac2 twist1 Repression
hdac2 vegfa Unknown
hdac3 alox5 Activation
hdac3 apoc3 Unknown
hdac3 cdh1 Repression
hdac3 cdkn2a Repression
hdac3 cxcr4 Repression
hdac3 egfr Unknown
hdac3 gas2 Repression
hdac3 gata2 Repression
hdac3 gcm1 Unknown
hdac3 grhl1 Repression
hdac3 gtf2i Unknown
hdac3 ifna1 Repression
hdac3 jun Repression
hdac3 lgals9 Unknown
hdac3 lss Unknown
hdac3 mbd1 Unknown
hdac3 mmp2 Repression
hdac3 myc Repression
hdac3 pck2 Unknown
hdac3 pram1 Unknown
hdac3 tlr9 Unknown
hdac3 tnf Unknown
hdac3 ulbp1 Unknown
hdac3 vegfa Unknown
hdac4 atf4 Unknown
hdac4 ca9 Unknown
hdac4 cdkn1a Repression
hdac4 cdkn2a Repression
hdac4 hdac3 Unknown
hdac4 hoxb13 Repression
hdac4 il10 Repression
hdac4 il5 Unknown
hdac4 jun Activation
hdac4 jun Repression
hdac4 klf4 Unknown
hdac4 mef2a Repression
hdac4 mef2a Unknown
hdac4 mmp13 Repression
hdac4 ptpa Unknown
hdac4 ptges Unknown
hdac4 ptgs2 Activation
hdac4 reck Unknown
hdac4 runx2 Repression
hdac4 slc2a4 Unknown
hdac4 smad4 Unknown
hdac4 tgif1 Activation
hdac4 tgif2 Activation
hdac4 vcam1 Activation
hdac4 vegfa Repression
hdac4 wt1 Repression
hdac5 fgf2 Repression
hdac5 igf2 Unknown
hdac5 mef2a Repression
hdac5 mef2a Unknown
hdac5 slc2a1 Activation
hdac5 slc2a4 Repression
hdac5 slc2a4 Unknown
hdac5 slit2 Repression
hdac5 wt1 Repression
hdac5 yy1 Activation
hdac7 actn4 Repression
hdac7 akap12 Repression
hdac7 cdkn1a Activation
hdac7 cyp7a1 Unknown
hdac7 esr1 Repression
hdac7 hdc Repression
hdac7 hif1a Activation
hdac7 hif1a Repression
hdac7 maml1 Unknown
hdac7 mef2a Repression
hdac7 mef2c Repression
hdac7 mef2d Repression
hdac7 mmp10 Repression
hdac7 nr4a1 Unknown
hdac9 app Unknown
hdac9 cdkn2a Activation
hdac9 cflar Activation
hdac9 cflar Repression
hdac9 cited2 Repression
hdac9 diras3 Repression
hdac9 esr1 Repression
hdac9 hspa5 Repression
hdac9 igfbp1 Repression
hdac9 il18 Unknown
hdac9 mef2a Repression
hdac9 mmp13 Activation
hdac9 myef2 Repression
hdac9 nfkb1 Repression
hdac9 prl Repression
hdac9 rela Repression
hdac9 stat6 Repression
hdac9 tnfrsf10b Repression
hdac9 tp53 Repression
hdgf cdh1 Repression
hdgf fas Activation
hdgf smyd1 Repression
hdgf vegfa Activation
hdgf vegfb Activation
hdgf vim Activation
hes1 ascl1 Repression
hes1 cd4 Repression
hes1 dbf4 Activation
hes1 e2f1 Repression
hes1 htr1a Unknown
hes1 map2 Repression
hes1 pten Repression
hes1 ptgds Repression
hes6 ascl1 Repression
hes6 htr1a Unknown
hexim1 ccnd1 Repression
hexim1 vegfa Unknown
hey1 acta2 Repression
hey1 bmp2 Repression
hey1 gata4 Repression
hey1 gata6 Repression
hey1 kdr Repression
hey1 ocln Activation
hey1 prox1 Repression
hey2 acta2 Repression
hey2 gata4 Repression
hey2 gata6 Repression
heyl ar Repression
hhex hnf4a Activation
hhex slc5a5 Activation
hhex tle1 Unknown
hic1 ackr3 Repression
hic1 ackr3 Unknown
hic1 e2f1 Repression
hic1 epha2 Repression
hic1 lrp8 Repression
hic1 myc Repression
hic1 sirt1 Repression
hic1 sirt1 Unknown
hic1 stat3 Activation
hic1 vegfa Repression
hic1 vldlr Repression
hif1a abcb1 Repression
hif1a ace Activation
hif1a ace2 Repression
hif1a agtr1 Activation
hif1a alas2 Activation
hif1a aldoa Activation
hif1a alox5ap Unknown
hif1a apex1 Repression
hif1a ar Activation
hif1a arnt Unknown
hif1a arnt2 Unknown
hif1a ass1 Activation
hif1a bax Activation
hif1a bid Repression
hif1a bnip3 Activation
hif1a bnip3 Unknown
hif1a ca9 Activation
hif1a ca9 Unknown
hif1a ccnd1 Repression
hif1a ccr7 Activation
hif1a cdh1 Repression
hif1a ctgf Activation
hif1a cxcl12 Unknown
hif1a cxcr4 Activation
hif1a cxcr4 Unknown
hif1a e2f3 Activation
hif1a edn1 Activation
hif1a ednrb Activation
hif1a egln1 Unknown
hif1a egln3 Unknown
hif1a eno1 Activation
hif1a epo Activation
hif1a epo Unknown
hif1a ercc2 Unknown
hif1a fam162a Unknown
hif1a fgf2 Activation
hif1a gapdh Unknown
hif1a gck Unknown
hif1a hbegf Activation
hif1a hif1a Repression
hif1a itgb2 Activation
hif1a klk3 Unknown
hif1a ldha Activation
hif1a lep Activation
hif1a lep Unknown
hif1a lox Unknown
hif1a met Activation
hif1a mica Activation
hif1a mif Activation
hif1a mmp2 Activation
hif1a mmp2 Repression
hif1a muc1 Unknown
hif1a muc3a Unknown
hif1a nr3c1 Unknown
hif1a nr4a1 Activation
hif1a nt5e Activation
hif1a pfkfb3 Unknown
hif1a pfkfb4 Unknown
hif1a pgk1 Activation
hif1a pik3ca Unknown
hif1a plau Unknown
hif1a ppara Unknown
hif1a ppp1r3c Unknown
hif1a ptges Activation
hif1a reck Repression
hif1a rora Activation
hif1a sdhb Repression
hif1a serpine1 Unknown
hif1a setd2 Activation
hif1a setd2 Unknown
hif1a slc29a1 Repression
hif1a slc2a1 Activation
hif1a slc2a1 Unknown
hif1a socs1 Activation
hif1a stat3 Unknown
hif1a tert Activation
hif1a tfrc Unknown
hif1a tgfb3 Activation
hif1a tgfb3 Repression
hif1a timp2 Activation
hif1a tlr2 Unknown
hif1a tlr6 Unknown
hif1a tubb3 Unknown
hif1a twist1 Activation
hif1a twist1 Unknown
hif1a twist2 Unknown
hif1a vegfa Activation
hif1a vegfa Repression
hif1a vegfa Unknown
hif1a vegfb Unknown
hif1a vhl Unknown
hif1a vim Activation
hif1a wasf3 Activation
hif1a xpc Activation
hif1a znf217 Activation
hif3a epas1 Unknown
hif3a hif1a Unknown
hinfp mbd2 Repression
hipk2 abcb1 Unknown
hipk2 cdkn1a Activation
hipk2 ctbp2 Unknown
hipk2 hif1a Repression
hipk2 mef2c Repression
hipk2 nox1 Repression
hipk2 tp53 Unknown
hipk2 vegfa Repression
hipk2 vim Repression
hira plb1 Repression
hivep2 hla_a Unknown
hivep2 hla_b Unknown
hivep2 hla_c Unknown
hivep2 hla_e Unknown
hivep2 hla_f Unknown
hivep2 hla_g Unknown
hlf dbp Activation
hlf runx1 Repression
hltf herc2 Unknown
hltf oca2 Activation
hlx btg1 Unknown
hlx pak1 Unknown
hmg20b brca2 Unknown
hmga1 brca1 Repression
hmga1 cd44 Activation
hmga1 cdc25a Activation
hmga1 cdh1 Repression
hmga1 cryab Unknown
hmga1 cxcl1 Unknown
hmga1 il1b Unknown
hmga1 insr Activation
hmga1 insr Repression
hmga1 kl Activation
hmga1 pou1f1 Activation
hmga1 ptgs2 Activation
hmga1 rag2 Unknown
hmga1 slc2a3 Activation
hmga1 sp1 Unknown
hmga1 tp53 Unknown
hmga1 twist1 Activation
hmga1 xpa Repression
hmga2 cdh1 Activation
hmga2 col11a2 Activation
hmga2 igf2bp2 Unknown
hmga2 pou1f1 Activation
hmga2 snai1 Unknown
hmgb2 gfi1b Activation
hmgb2 tnf Activation
hmgn1 fos Unknown
hmgn1 pcna Unknown
hmgn1 tff1 Unknown
hnf1a acat2 Activation
hnf1a akr1c4 Unknown
hnf1a alb Unknown
hnf1a apom Unknown
hnf1a cdh17 Activation
hnf1a crp Unknown
hnf1a csrp1 Unknown
hnf1a cyp1a2 Unknown
hnf1a fabp1 Unknown
hnf1a gpr39 Unknown
hnf1a igfbp1 Activation
hnf1a lct Activation
hnf1a mttp Activation
hnf1a mttp Unknown
hnf1a nt5e Unknown
hnf1a slc22a10 Activation
hnf1a slc22a9 Activation
hnf1a slco1b3 Unknown
hnf1a tm4sf1 Repression
hnf1a ugt1a1 Activation
hnf1a ugt1a10 Activation
hnf1a ugt1a7 Unknown
hnf1a ugt1a8 Activation
hnf1a ugt1a9 Activation
hnf1a ugt2b17 Activation
hnf1a ugt2b7 Activation
hnf1a vegfa Unknown
hnf1b fxyd2 Unknown
hnf1b umod Activation
hnf4a abcc6 Unknown
hnf4a abcg5 Repression
hnf4a abcg8 Repression
hnf4a acat2 Unknown
hnf4a afp Activation
hnf4a akr1c4 Unknown
hnf4a apoa1 Unknown
hnf4a apoa2 Unknown
hnf4a apob Unknown
hnf4a apoc3 Unknown
hnf4a c1qtnf5 Activation
hnf4a cdkn1a Unknown
hnf4a ceacam1 Activation
hnf4a cyp27a1 Unknown
hnf4a cyp2b6 Unknown
hnf4a cyp2c8 Activation
hnf4a cyp2c9 Activation
hnf4a cyp2c9 Unknown
hnf4a cyp2d6 Activation
hnf4a cyp3a4 Unknown
hnf4a cyp7a1 Repression
hnf4a fabp2 Activation
hnf4a gck Unknown
hnf4a gfer Repression
hnf4a gh1 Repression
hnf4a gpr39 Unknown
hnf4a hnf1a Unknown
hnf4a kcnj11 Unknown
hnf4a ldlr Activation
hnf4a lipc Unknown
hnf4a mmp7 Activation
hnf4a mttp Activation
hnf4a myc Activation
hnf4a npc1l1 Activation
hnf4a nr1i2 Activation
hnf4a pcsk9 Activation
hnf4a ppara Unknown
hnf4a rnase2 Activation
hnf4a serpinc1 Activation
hnf4a shbg Activation
hnf4a slc22a6 Unknown
hnf4a slc26a3 Unknown
hnf4a tbp Unknown
hnf4a tcf7l2 Unknown
hnf4a ugt1a7 Unknown
hnf4a ugt2b7 Unknown
hnf4g afp Activation
hnf4g akr1c4 Unknown
hnf4g cyp2d6 Activation
hnrnpd klf2 Unknown
hnrnpr ascl1 Unknown
hopx flg Activation
hopx fos Repression
hopx lor Activation
hoxa1 bcl2 Activation
hoxa1 ccnd1 Activation
hoxa1 epas1 Unknown
hoxa1 ier3 Unknown
hoxa1 lyl1 Unknown
hoxa1 myc Activation
hoxa1 pcna Unknown
hoxa10 bhlhe22 Activation
hoxa10 cdkn1c Repression
hoxa10 emx2 Activation
hoxa10 emx2 Repression
hoxa10 id2 Activation
hoxa10 igfbp1 Activation
hoxa10 il11 Repression
hoxa10 il15 Activation
hoxa10 itgb3 Unknown
hoxa10 klf9 Repression
hoxa10 lyl1 Unknown
hoxa10 mycn Repression
hoxa10 phgdh Repression
hoxa10 snai1 Repression
hoxa10 tp53 Activation
hoxa10 wt1 Unknown
hoxa11 hoxa10 Repression
hoxa4 th Unknown
hoxa5 arhgef1 Activation
hoxa5 pgr Activation
hoxa5 ptn Activation
hoxa5 th Unknown
hoxa7 cdh1 Activation
hoxa7 ivl Activation
hoxa7 krt10 Activation
hoxa7 tert Unknown
hoxa7 vim Activation
hoxa9 arhgef1 Activation
hoxa9 cdh3 Unknown
hoxa9 id2 Activation
hoxa9 mycn Activation
hoxa9 nfkb1 Repression
hoxa9 rela Repression
hoxa9 sele Unknown
hoxa9 shox Unknown
hoxa9 vcam1 Unknown
hoxb1 tcf4 Repression
hoxb13 tcf4 Repression
hoxb4 prom1 Unknown
hoxb7 ccnd1 Activation
hoxb7 cdkn1b Repression
hoxb7 dapk1 Repression
hoxb7 egfr Activation
hoxb7 fgf2 Activation
hoxb7 mmp2 Activation
hoxb7 pdgfa Activation
hoxb7 thbs2 Repression
hoxb7 vegfa Activation
hoxb7 wnt5a Activation
hoxc10 hoxb8 Repression
hoxc11 lct Unknown
hoxc11 s100b Unknown
hoxc13 dsg4 Repression
hoxc13 spi1 Repression
hoxc6 igfbp3 Repression
hoxc6 mme Repression
hoxc8 tnfrsf11b Unknown
hoxc9 hoxb8 Repression
hoxd1 itgb1 Unknown
hoxd13 fhl1 Unknown
hoxd3 itga5 Unknown
hoxd3 itgav Unknown
hoxd3 itgb1 Unknown
hoxd3 itgb3 Unknown
hoxd3 plau Unknown
hoxd9 hoxd9 Activation
hr olr1 Activation
hsf1 abcb1 Unknown
hsf1 atg7 Activation
hsf1 bag3 Repression
hsf1 bag3 Unknown
hsf1 cdkn1a Repression
hsf1 cryga Unknown
hsf1 crygb Unknown
hsf1 fkbp4 Unknown
hsf1 fut4 Unknown
hsf1 guca2b Repression
hsf1 hla_g Unknown
hsf1 hopx Unknown
hsf1 hsd17b6 Repression
hsf1 hsp90b2p Unknown
hsf1 hspa1a Unknown
hsf1 hspa1b Unknown
hsf1 hspa4 Activation
hsf1 hspa4 Unknown
hsf1 il1b Repression
hsf1 jun Unknown
hsf1 ldha Activation
hsf1 map3k14 Unknown
hsf1 mica Activation
hsf1 micb Activation
hsf1 nat1 Activation
hsf1 nfkb1 Unknown
hsf1 polk Activation
hsf1 rela Unknown
hsf1 serpine1 Activation
hsf1 sesn3 Unknown
hsf1 stip1 Unknown
hsf1 tnf Unknown
hsf1 ubb Unknown
hsf2 fos Unknown
hsf2 hif1a Unknown
hsf2 hspa4 Activation
hsf2 hspa4 Unknown
hsf2 map2k4 Repression
hsf2 mapk8 Repression
hsf2 tnfsf11 Activation
hsf2 txn Unknown
hsf4 crygc Unknown
hsf4 dnase2b Activation
hsf4 dnase2b Activation
hsf4 hif1a Unknown
hsf4 rad51 Unknown
htatip2 mmp2 Repression
htatip2 spp1 Repression
htatip2 vegfa Repression
id1 znf148 Repression
id2 snai1 Activation
id2 tert Unknown
id3 tcf3 Repression
id3 vegfa Unknown
id4 brca1 Repression
id4 sox2 Unknown
ifi16 brca1 Unknown
ifi16 icam1 Repression
ifi16 myc Repression
ifi16 tp53 Unknown
ifi16 wt1 Activation
ikbkb cd44 Repression
ikbkb cxcl8 Unknown
ikbkb mmp9 Repression
ikbkb nos2 Repression
ikbkb tp53 Unknown
ikbkb vcam1 Repression
ikzf1 fgfr4 Activation
ilf2 acrv1 Activation
ilf2 il2 Unknown
ilf2 ilf3 Unknown
ilf3 acrv1 Activation
ilf3 birc5 Activation
ilf3 hla_dqa1 Unknown
ilf3 hla_dra Repression
ilf3 hla_dra Unknown
ilf3 hla_drb1 Unknown
ilf3 il2 Activation
ilf3 plau Activation
ing1 afp Repression
ing1 bax Activation
ing1 casp3 Activation
ing1 cdkn1a Activation
ing1 fat1 Unknown
ing1 pcna Unknown
ing1 tp53 Activation
ing2 bcl2 Repression
ing2 mmp13 Activation
ing2 tmem71 Unknown
ing4 angpt1 Repression
ing4 arl6ip5 Activation
ing4 bax Activation
ing4 bcl2 Repression
ing4 casp3 Activation
ing4 ccnd1 Repression
ing4 cdkn1a Activation
ing4 cdkn1b Activation
ing4 cdkn1b Unknown
ing4 cxcl8 Repression
ing4 ngf Repression
ing4 ntrk1 Repression
ing4 ptgs2 Repression
ing4 skp2 Repression
ing4 spp1 Repression
ing4 tp53 Activation
irf1 bcl2 Repression
irf1 casp7 Activation
irf1 ccl5 Unknown
irf1 ccnb1 Repression
irf1 ccne1 Repression
irf1 cd40 Activation
irf1 cdk1 Repression
irf1 cdk2 Repression
irf1 cdk4 Repression
irf1 cdkn1a Repression
irf1 cdkn1a Unknown
irf1 ceacam1 Activation
irf1 ciita Activation
irf1 ciita Unknown
irf1 cxcl10 Activation
irf1 cybb Activation
irf1 ddx58 Activation
irf1 dst Repression
irf1 e2f1 Repression
irf1 eif2ak2 Activation
irf1 erap2 Unknown
irf1 faslg Unknown
irf1 foxp3 Repression
irf1 hla_a Activation
irf1 hla_g Unknown
irf1 ifit3 Activation
irf1 ifna1 Activation
irf1 ifna1 Unknown
irf1 ifna13 Activation
irf1 ifnb1 Activation
irf1 ifnb1 Unknown
irf1 ifng Activation
irf1 il10 Activation
irf1 il12a Unknown
irf1 il12b Unknown
irf1 il27 Activation
irf1 irf2 Activation
irf1 mmp9 Unknown
irf1 myb Repression
irf1 ncf2 Activation
irf1 ogn Unknown
irf1 pigr Unknown
irf1 polh Unknown
irf1 psmb10 Unknown
irf1 psmb9 Activation
irf1 psmb9 Unknown
irf1 slpi Unknown
irf1 socs1 Activation
irf1 socs2 Activation
irf1 tap1 Activation
irf1 tap1 Unknown
irf1 tap2 Unknown
irf1 tapbp Unknown
irf1 tnfsf10 Activation
irf1 tp53 Unknown
irf1 trim22 Unknown
irf1 vcam1 Unknown
irf2 ciita Activation
irf2 cxcr4 Repression
irf2 dst Repression
irf2 erap2 Unknown
irf2 ifnb1 Activation
irf2 ifnb1 Unknown
irf2 ifngr1 Repression
irf2 il4 Unknown
irf2 tap1 Activation
irf3 abcc2 Activation
irf3 ccl2 Unknown
irf3 ccl5 Unknown
irf3 cxcl10 Activation
irf3 ifna1 Activation
irf3 ifna1 Unknown
irf3 ifnb1 Activation
irf3 ifnb1 Unknown
irf3 ifnl1 Unknown
irf3 irf5 Unknown
irf3 irf7 Unknown
irf3 mavs Activation
irf3 pura Repression
irf3 socs2 Activation
irf3 tlr3 Unknown
irf3 tlr4 Unknown
irf3 tnpo1 Unknown
irf4 bcl6 Repression
irf4 cd68 Repression
irf4 fcer2 Activation
irf4 irf3 Repression
irf4 ms4a1 Unknown
irf5 ifna1 Activation
irf5 pdlim7 Repression
irf5 tnf Unknown
irf6 nr1h4 Unknown
irf7 atf4 Activation
irf7 ccl5 Unknown
irf7 cd80 Activation
irf7 cxcl10 Activation
irf7 ifna1 Activation
irf7 ifna13 Activation
irf7 ifna2 Activation
irf7 ifnb1 Activation
irf7 ifnb1 Repression
irf7 ifnb1 Unknown
irf7 ifnl1 Unknown
irf7 ifnl2 Unknown
irf7 ifnl3 Unknown
irf7 nr1h4 Unknown
irf8 cd68 Repression
irf8 cflar Unknown
irf8 cybb Activation
irf8 gas2 Repression
irf8 il10 Unknown
irf8 il12a Unknown
irf8 il1b Activation
irf8 ncf2 Activation
irf8 nf1 Activation
irf8 tlr3 Repression
irf8 tlr4 Unknown
irf9 ccnd2 Repression
irf9 cdkn1a Activation
irf9 cdkn1b Activation
irf9 ifit3 Unknown
irf9 il27 Repression
irf9 ncam1 Activation
irf9 pml Activation
irf9 sp100 Activation
isl1 fgf10 Unknown
isl1 gcg Unknown
isl1 mef2c Activation
jarid2 myh6 Unknown
jarid2 myl7 Unknown
jarid2 nppa Unknown
jdp2 atf3 Repression
jdp2 atf3 Unknown
jdp2 ddit3 Repression
jun abcb1 Activation
jun acta1 Unknown
jun alox12 Unknown
jun apoc3 Activation
jun apom Unknown
jun app Unknown
jun ar Repression
jun ar Unknown
jun atf3 Activation
jun batf3 Unknown
jun bcl2l1 Unknown
jun becn1 Activation
jun bex2 Activation
jun brca1 Activation
jun ca2 Unknown
jun cck Activation
jun ccl2 Activation
jun ccl5 Unknown
jun ccnd1 Activation
jun ccnd1 Repression
jun ccnd1 Unknown
jun cd82 Activation
jun cdk5r1 Unknown
jun cdkn1a Repression
jun cdkn1a Unknown
jun crem Activation
jun csf1 Activation
jun csf2 Unknown
jun csta Unknown
jun ctgf Repression
jun ctsl Activation
jun cxcl8 Activation
jun cxcl8 Unknown
jun cyp11a1 Unknown
jun cyp19a1 Repression
jun cyp1a2 Unknown
jun cyp2j2 Unknown
jun dcn Repression
jun ddit3 Activation
jun ddx21 Unknown
jun edn1 Unknown
jun egfr Activation
jun eln Unknown
jun ets1 Activation
jun ets2 Unknown
jun ezh2 Unknown
jun ezr Activation
jun f3 Unknown
jun fas Activation
jun fas Unknown
jun faslg Unknown
jun fgf7 Unknown
jun vegfd Unknown
jun fosl1 Activation
jun gclc Unknown
jun gja1 Activation
jun gstp1 Unknown
jun hey1 Activation
jun ibsp Unknown
jun ifnb1 Unknown
jun ifng Activation
jun ifng Unknown
jun il12a Unknown
jun il12b Activation
jun il1a Unknown
jun il1b Unknown
jun il2 Repression
jun il2 Unknown
jun il23a Unknown
jun il24 Unknown
jun il3 Activation
jun il5ra Unknown
jun il6 Activation
jun il6 Unknown
jun itgax Unknown
jun itgb8 Unknown
jun jun Activation
jun jun Unknown
jun krt16 Activation
jun lbp Repression
jun ldha Activation
jun lgals3 Activation
jun lor Activation
jun map3k1 Unknown
jun mapk8 Activation
jun mapk8 Unknown
jun mat2a Activation
jun mef2d Activation
jun meltf Unknown
jun mgmt Unknown
jun mgp Unknown
jun mmp1 Activation
jun mmp1 Unknown
jun mmp12 Unknown
jun mmp13 Activation
jun mmp2 Activation
jun mmp20 Unknown
jun mmp3 Activation
jun mmp3 Unknown
jun mmp7 Activation
jun mmp7 Unknown
jun mmp9 Activation
jun mmp9 Repression
jun mmp9 Unknown
jun msr1 Activation
jun msr1 Unknown
jun myb Unknown
jun myc Repression
jun nampt Activation
jun nefl Activation
jun neil1 Activation
jun nfkb2 Unknown
jun ngf Unknown
jun nos2 Activation
jun nos2 Repression
jun nos2 Unknown
jun nos3 Unknown
jun nox5 Activation
jun npy Unknown
jun nqo1 Unknown
jun nts Unknown
jun oprm1 Unknown
jun oxtr Unknown
jun pck2 Unknown
jun pdha1 Unknown
jun pdk1 Unknown
jun penk Unknown
jun pgr Repression
jun plat Activation
jun plat Unknown
jun plau Unknown
jun plaur Activation
jun plaur Unknown
jun pold2 Unknown
jun ppara Unknown
jun ppard Activation
jun ptgs2 Activation
jun ptgs2 Unknown
jun ptn Activation
jun rara Repression
jun rarb Activation
jun rarg Repression
jun relb Unknown
jun ren Unknown
jun rhob Activation
jun runx2 Unknown
jun slc19a1 Unknown
jun smad7 Activation
jun smn1 Repression
jun sod2 Unknown
jun sox7 Activation
jun spi1 Activation
jun sprr1b Activation
jun sprr3 Unknown
jun star Unknown
jun stmn1 Activation
jun syk Unknown
jun tert Repression
jun tff1 Unknown
jun timp2 Unknown
jun tnc Activation
jun tnf Activation
jun tnf Unknown
jun tnfrsf10a Unknown
jun tnfrsf1b Activation
jun tp53 Repression
jun tp53 Unknown
jun tp73 Unknown
jun txn Unknown
jun ugt2b15 Activation
jun vcam1 Activation
jun vdr Activation
jun vegfa Repression
junb apom Unknown
junb cd82 Activation
junb cdkn1a Unknown
junb cdkn2a Unknown
junb clu Unknown
junb egfr Activation
junb il1b Unknown
junb il3 Unknown
junb il4 Activation
junb ivl Unknown
junb lor Repression
junb nqo1 Unknown
junb ptgs2 Activation
junb sftpd Unknown
junb smad4 Unknown
jund bcl6 Activation
jund bcl6 Repression
jund ccl5 Unknown
jund ccnd1 Activation
jund ccr4 Activation
jund cd40lg Unknown
jund cdkn1a Unknown
jund clu Unknown
jund csta Unknown
jund erbb2 Unknown
jund f3 Unknown
jund fgfbp1 Unknown
jund fosl1 Activation
jund gadd45a Activation
jund gast Activation
jund gclc Unknown
jund il3 Unknown
jund il5 Unknown
jund il6 Activation
jund itgav Repression
jund itgb3 Repression
jund ivl Unknown
jund mdm2 Activation
jund mdm2 Repression
jund myb Activation
jund myb Repression
jund myb Unknown
jund nos2 Activation
jund nqo1 Unknown
jund nqo2 Unknown
jund nts Unknown
jund plat Unknown
jund plaur Unknown
jund ptgs2 Activation
jund sftpd Unknown
jund sox4 Activation
jund tgfb1 Unknown
jund timp1 Unknown
kat2b cdk2 Repression
kat2b cdkn1a Activation
kat2b cdkn1b Activation
kat2b clock Unknown
kat2b cyp1b1 Unknown
kat2b irf7 Repression
kat2b lin28a Unknown
kat2b npas2 Unknown
kat2b rb1 Activation
kat2b smad4 Activation
kat2b tp73 Unknown
kat2b yy1 Unknown
kat2b zeb1 Repression
kat5 ercc1 Activation
kat5 gmps Repression
kat5 hdc Repression
kat5 il2 Unknown
kat5 stat3 Repression
kat6a hoxa9 Activation
kcnip3 gcm1 Repression
kcnip3 slc8a3 Repression
kcnip3 tg Unknown
kdm2a ereg Repression
kdm2a nanog Unknown
kdm2a sox2 Unknown
kdm4b ar Activation
kdm4b ccna1 Unknown
kdm4b ccnd1 Unknown
kdm4b esr1 Unknown
kdm4b wee1 Unknown
kdm4c jag1 Activation
khdrbs1 ar Unknown
khdrbs1 igf2 Activation
khdrbs1 lep Activation
khsrp rpl3 Unknown
klf1 hbb Unknown
klf1 il12b Unknown
klf10 cdkn1a Activation
klf10 egfr Repression
klf10 fgfr1 Repression
klf10 itgad Activation
klf10 ptgs1 Activation
klf10 serpine1 Activation
klf10 stmn1 Repression
klf11 col1a2 Unknown
klf11 ins Activation
klf11 ins Unknown
klf11 pdx1 Unknown
klf12 prl Repression
klf12 tfap2a Repression
klf13 ccl5 Unknown
klf13 ldlr Repression
klf14 tgfbr2 Repression
klf15 clcnka Unknown
klf15 lrp5 Activation
klf15 rbp3 Repression
klf15 rho Repression
klf15 rho Unknown
klf16 cdkn1a Repression
klf2 ccr5 Activation
klf2 ccr7 Unknown
klf2 cdkn1a Activation
klf2 cxcr4 Repression
klf2 fabp5 Repression
klf2 il2 Unknown
klf2 nos3 Activation
klf2 pparg Repression
klf2 sell Unknown
klf2 thbd Activation
klf2 wee1 Repression
klf3 hbe1 Unknown
klf3 hbg1 Unknown
klf3 ckm Activation
klf4 alpi Activation
klf4 atf3 Activation
klf4 bdkrb2 Activation
klf4 birc5 Repression
klf4 ccnb1 Repression
klf4 ccnd1 Activation
klf4 ccnd1 Repression
klf4 cd14 Activation
klf4 cdh1 Activation
klf4 cdh5 Activation
klf4 cdkn1a Activation
klf4 cdkn1a Repression
klf4 cdkn1b Activation
klf4 cdkn1c Activation
klf4 cdx2 Unknown
klf4 cyp1a1 Unknown
klf4 gdf15 Repression
klf4 gdf15 Unknown
klf4 gpa33 Activation
klf4 hba1 Activation
klf4 hba2 Activation
klf4 hdc Repression
klf4 hspa8 Activation
klf4 ifitm3 Repression
klf4 il1b Repression
klf4 il6 Activation
klf4 ivl Unknown
klf4 krt19 Activation
klf4 lama1 Activation
klf4 lama3 Activation
klf4 lxn Repression
klf4 mmp2 Activation
klf4 nanog Activation
klf4 odc1 Repression
klf4 pfkp Activation
klf4 rara Repression
klf4 sod1 Repression
klf4 tagln Unknown
klf4 thbd Activation
klf4 tp53 Activation
klf4 tp53 Repression
klf4 tp53 Unknown
klf4 vdr Repression
klf4 vegfa Unknown
klf4 znf750 Unknown
klf5 birc5 Activation
klf5 ccnb1 Activation
klf5 ccnd1 Activation
klf5 cdkn2b Unknown
klf5 cxcr4 Activation
klf5 fasn Activation
klf5 fgfbp1 Activation
klf5 foxo1 Unknown
klf5 hif1a Activation
klf5 itgb2 Activation
klf5 mmp9 Activation
klf5 myh11 Unknown
klf5 notch1 Activation
klf6 asah1 Unknown
klf6 atf3 Activation
klf6 ccnd1 Repression
klf6 cdh1 Unknown
klf6 cdkn1a Activation
klf6 cdkn1a Unknown
klf6 cers2 Activation
klf6 cgb5 Activation
klf6 dapk2 Activation
klf6 igf1r Unknown
klf6 krt12 Unknown
klf6 lama1 Activation
klf6 ltc4s Unknown
klf6 mmp9 Repression
klf6 nos2 Activation
klf6 nos2 Unknown
klf6 pmaip1 Activation
klf6 psg3 Activation
klf6 psg5 Activation
klf6 psg5 Unknown
klf6 pttg1 Repression
klf6 tfpi2 Unknown
klf6 txnip Unknown
klf7 slc13a4 Unknown
klf8 cdh1 Activation
klf8 cdh2 Repression
klf8 epsti1 Activation
klf8 fn1 Repression
klf8 mmp14 Activation
klf8 mmp9 Activation
klf8 slc22a3 Unknown
klf8 vim Repression
klf9 pdcd5 Activation
klf9 pgr Unknown
klf9 pmaip1 Repression
l3mbtl1 myc Unknown
l3mbtl1 runx1 Repression
lcor cdh1 Unknown
lcor cdkn1a Unknown
ldb1 bmp7 Unknown
ldb1 tcf3 Repression
lef1 ar Unknown
lef1 birc5 Unknown
lef1 ccl7 Unknown
lef1 ccnd1 Unknown
lef1 cd1d Repression
lef1 cd1d Unknown
lef1 cebpa Unknown
lef1 chga Unknown
lef1 cldn2 Activation
lef1 ctla4 Unknown
lef1 ctnnb1 Unknown
lef1 cyld Repression
lef1 cyld Unknown
lef1 dsg4 Repression
lef1 eda Unknown
lef1 elane Activation
lef1 esr1 Unknown
lef1 herc2 Unknown
lef1 mitf Activation
lef1 mmp7 Activation
lef1 myc Unknown
lef1 mycbp Activation
lef1 nrcam Activation
lef1 nt5e Unknown
lef1 oca2 Activation
lef1 prl Unknown
lef1 rag2 Unknown
lef1 skp2 Unknown
lef1 snai2 Unknown
lef1 tcf3 Unknown
lef1 tcf4 Unknown
lhx2 pou1f1 Activation
lhx2 prl Activation
lhx2 tshb Activation
lhx3 fshb Activation
lhx3 fshb Unknown
lhx4 pou1f1 Activation
limd1 hif1a Repression
lin28a ccnd1 Unknown
lin28a cdc25a Unknown
lmo2 angpt2 Unknown
lmo2 cdh1 Repression
lmo2 elk1 Unknown
lmo2 erg Activation
lmo2 fgf2 Activation
lmo2 gypa Repression
lmo2 lef1 Repression
lmo2 lyl1 Unknown
lmo2 nfatc1 Activation
lmo2 zeb1 Repression
lmo3 ascl1 Activation
lmo3 ascl1 Repression
lmo3 hes1 Repression
lmo4 bmp7 Activation
lmo4 bmp7 Repression
lmo4 brca1 Repression
lmo4 dlg4 Repression
lmo4 esr1 Unknown
lmo4 mta1 Unknown
lmx1b cd2ap Unknown
lmx1b col4a1 Unknown
lmx1b col4a4 Activation
lmx1b nlrp2 Activation
lmx1b nphs2 Unknown
lmx1b tcf3 Activation
lrf comp Unknown
lrrfip1 egfr Repression
lrrfip1 tnf Repression
lyl1 angpt2 Unknown
lyl1 erg Activation
lyl1 nfkb1 Repression
lyl1 stmn1 Unknown
maf ccnd2 Unknown
maf gclc Unknown
maf il4 Activation
maf il4 Unknown
maf il5 Unknown
maf itgb7 Activation
maf mmp13 Activation
mafa ins Unknown
mafa pc Activation
mafb ccnd2 Unknown
maff oxtr Unknown
mafg mlh1 Unknown
mafg nqo1 Unknown
mafk nqo1 Unknown
mal mmp9 Unknown
mal myl9 Unknown
maml1 egr1 Activation
maml1 hey1 Repression
maml1 tnfrsf12a Repression
max brd7 Unknown
max faslg Unknown
max myc Unknown
max odc1 Activation
max tert Unknown
maz cd4 Unknown
maz clcnka Unknown
maz hras Activation
maz htr1a Unknown
maz mmp1 Activation
maz mmp14 Activation
maz mmp9 Unknown
maz tsg101 Activation
mbd1 abcb1 Unknown
mbd1 alox5 Repression
mbd1 igf2 Unknown
mbd1 irf8 Repression
mbd1 mgmt Repression
mbd1 setdb1 Repression
mbd1 setdb1 Unknown
mbd2 alox5 Unknown
mbd2 adgrb1 Unknown
mbd2 chd4 Unknown
mbd2 dapk1 Unknown
mbd2 gstp1 Repression
mbd2 gstp1 Unknown
mbd2 klk10 Unknown
mbd2 msh2 Unknown
mbd2 myog Unknown
mbd2 nanog Repression
mbd2 pou5f1 Unknown
mcm2 snf8 Unknown
mcm5 stat1 Unknown
mdm2 dnmt3a Activation
mdm4 tp53 Unknown
mecp2 abcb1 Unknown
mecp2 alox5 Unknown
mecp2 ccnd1 Repression
mecp2 cdkl5 Unknown
mecp2 dlx5 Unknown
mecp2 esr1 Repression
mecp2 esr1 Unknown
mecp2 gad1 Repression
mecp2 igfbp3 Repression
mecp2 mgmt Unknown
mecp2 reln Repression
mecp2 tff1 Repression
med1 ar Unknown
med1 aurka Activation
med1 sult2a1 Activation
med1 ube2c Unknown
med1 vdr Unknown
med15 ncf2 Unknown
med23 kiss1 Activation
med23 txnip Unknown
mef2a cox6a1 Unknown
mef2a jun Activation
mef2a jun Unknown
mef2a mapk14 Activation
mef2a mapk7 Activation
mef2a mef2a Unknown
mef2a mmp10 Activation
mef2a nrf1 Activation
mef2a ppargc1a Unknown
mef2a slc2a4 Activation
mef2a slc2a4 Unknown
mef2a sost Repression
mef2a tnni3 Unknown
mef2b bcl6 Unknown
mef2c cdkl5 Unknown
mef2c cpt1b Activation
mef2c jun Activation
mef2c jun Repression
mef2c jun Unknown
mef2c mapk7 Activation
mef2c mecp2 Unknown
mef2c nr4a1 Repression
mef2c sost Repression
mef2c vegfa Unknown
mef2d atf3 Activation
mef2d atm Unknown
mef2d cd14 Activation
mef2d hdac7 Unknown
mef2d jun Activation
mef2d sost Repression
meis1 ar Unknown
meis1 itga9 Unknown
meis1 pf4 Activation
meis1 sox3 Unknown
meis2 il17rb Unknown
men1 brca1 Unknown
men1 casp8 Activation
men1 cdkn1b Activation
men1 cdkn2c Repression
men1 gast Repression
men1 gata3 Unknown
men1 jund Repression
men1 prl Unknown
men1 rad51 Unknown
men1 rad51ap1 Unknown
men1 tert Repression
mitf acp5 Activation
mitf bcl2a1 Repression
mitf best1 Activation
mitf best1 Unknown
mitf birc7 Unknown
mitf cdk2 Unknown
mitf ctsk Activation
mitf dct Activation
mitf fos Activation
mitf gpnmb Activation
mitf herc2 Unknown
mitf hif1a Activation
mitf hoxb4 Unknown
mitf kcnma1 Unknown
mitf kit Activation
mitf mc1r Unknown
mitf met Unknown
mitf mlana Unknown
mitf oca2 Activation
mitf pmel Unknown
mitf ppargc1a Activation
mitf prkcb Unknown
mitf serpinf1 Activation
mitf trap Activation
mitf trpm1 Activation
mitf trpm1 Unknown
mitf tyr Activation
mitf tyr Unknown
mitf tyrp1 Activation
mitf tyrp1 Unknown
mkl1 col1a1 Activation
mkl1 scai Unknown
mkl1 srf Unknown
mkl1 tagln Activation
mll2 hoxc6 Unknown
mll3 hoxc6 Unknown
mll4 cox1 Unknown
mllt10 bax Repression
mllt10 cdkn1a Repression
mllt10 mdm2 Repression
mllt3 bax Repression
mllt3 cdkn1a Repression
mllt3 mdm2 Repression
mllt3 scnn1a Activation
mlx odc1 Unknown
mlxipl txnip Activation
msc cdc25a Repression
msc cdc6 Repression
msc ctla4 Activation
msc dkk1 Unknown
msc foxp3 Activation
msc ifng Activation
msc il10 Activation
msc il2ra Activation
msc lta Repression
msc mcm7 Repression
msc mmp2 Activation
msx1 cga Unknown
msx1 dkk1 Repression
msx1 dlk1 Activation
msx1 hey1 Activation
msx1 notch3 Activation
msx1 zhx2 Unknown
msx2 abcg2 Unknown
msx2 bcl2 Repression
msx2 bglap Repression
msx2 cdh2 Repression
msx2 ibsp Unknown
msx2 nkx3_1 Activation
msx2 sod1 Activation
mta1 alox15 Unknown
mta1 arntl Activation
mta1 bcas3 Activation
mta1 bcl2l1 Activation
mta1 brca1 Unknown
mta1 cdh1 Repression
mta1 cdkn2a Activation
mta1 egfr Activation
mta1 epha2 Repression
mta1 esr1 Repression
mta1 esr1 Unknown
mta1 hdac1 Unknown
mta1 itgb3bp Unknown
mta1 mmp9 Unknown
mta1 mnat1 Unknown
mta1 mta3 Repression
mta1 myc Unknown
mta1 nos2 Activation
mta1 pten Repression
mta1 rnf144a Repression
mta1 smad7 Repression
mta1 snai1 Activation
mta1 snai2 Activation
mta1 sumo2 Activation
mta1 tff1 Unknown
mta2 cdh1 Repression
mta2 fshr Repression
mta3 cgb5 Repression
mta3 snai1 Repression
mtf1 aco1 Unknown
mtf1 gclc Activation
mtf1 mcat Activation
mtf1 pgf Unknown
mtf1 prnp Activation
mtf1 sncb Unknown
mtf1 sod1 Activation
mxd1 odc1 Unknown
mxd1 pten Repression
mxd1 tert Activation
mxd1 tert Repression
mxd1 tert Unknown
mxd4 odc1 Unknown
mzf1 padi1 Activation
mxi1 myc Repression
mxi1 mycn Unknown
myb anpep Unknown
myb bcl2 Activation
myb bcl2 Repression
myb bcl2 Unknown
myb ccna1 Activation
myb cd34 Unknown
myb cd4 Repression
myb cdo1 Activation
myb cebpa Unknown
myb clec4g Activation
myb col1a1 Activation
myb col1a2 Activation
myb csf3r Repression
myb ctsg Unknown
myb dhrs2 Unknown
myb elane Unknown
myb erbb2 Unknown
myb gata3 Unknown
myb gstm1 Activation
myb hrh1 Unknown
myb icam1 Repression
myb il15 Activation
myb il7 Activation
myb klf1 Activation
myb lck Activation
myb lmo2 Activation
myb mat2a Activation
myb mat2a Unknown
myb myb Unknown
myb myc Activation
myb myc Unknown
myb mzf1 Unknown
myb nmu Unknown
myb nr3c1 Unknown
myb pdcd4 Unknown
myb rag2 Unknown
myb sim2 Unknown
myb sp3 Unknown
myb tk1 Activation
myb was Unknown
myb wt1 Activation
mybbp1a sftpb Unknown
mybl1 dhrs2 Unknown
mybl1 ncl Unknown
mybl2 ccna1 Unknown
mybl2 ccnd1 Unknown
mybl2 col1a1 Unknown
mybl2 mybl2 Unknown
mybl2 myc Activation
mybl2 ncl Unknown
mybl2 psg1 Unknown
mybl2 sp1 Unknown
myc ass1 Activation
myc atf3 Unknown
myc axin2 Unknown
myc bag2 Unknown
myc bcl2 Unknown
myc bmi1 Activation
myc brd7 Repression
myc cad Unknown
myc cbfb Unknown
myc ccna2 Unknown
myc ccnb1 Unknown
myc ccnd1 Repression
myc ccnd1 Unknown
myc ccnd2 Activation
myc ccnd2 Unknown
myc ccne1 Activation
myc prom1 Unknown
myc cd33 Repression
myc cd38 Activation
myc cdc25c Activation
myc cdc34 Activation
myc cdca7 Unknown
myc cdh3 Unknown
myc cdk2 Unknown
myc cdk4 Activation
myc cdk4 Unknown
myc cdk6 Activation
myc cdkn1a Activation
myc cdkn1a Repression
myc cdkn1a Unknown
myc cebpa Repression
myc cebpa Unknown
myc cflar Repression
myc chek1 Activation
myc chek2 Activation
myc crebbp Unknown
myc cxcr4 Activation
myc cyp3a4 Unknown
myc ddx18 Unknown
myc dkk1 Repression
myc dkk1 Unknown
myc ebna1bp2 Activation
myc ep300 Unknown
myc faslg Activation
myc faslg Unknown
myc fmr1 Unknown
myc foxm1 Activation
myc fth1p18 Repression
myc fut3 Activation
myc gata1 Repression
myc gata4 Activation
myc hdac2 Activation
myc hla_a Activation
myc hla_b Activation
myc hla_c Activation
myc hla_e Activation
myc hla_f Activation
myc hla_g Activation
myc hnrnpa1 Activation
myc hnrnpa2b1 Activation
myc hspa4 Unknown
myc id2 Unknown
myc ier3 Unknown
myc ifna1 Repression
myc igf2bp1 Activation
myc igk Activation
myc il6 Unknown
myc ipo7 Activation
myc junb Repression
myc kras Activation
myc ldha Activation
myc mapk1 Unknown
myc mme Activation
myc mst1 Repression
myc mtdh Unknown
myc ndrg1 Repression
myc ndrg1 Unknown
myc nfe2 Repression
myc nol7 Activation
myc odc1 Activation
myc odc1 Unknown
myc pcna Unknown
myc pgk1 Unknown
myc pmaip1 Activation
myc prdx3 Activation
myc prodh Repression
myc ptbp1 Activation
myc rcc1 Unknown
myc sart3 Unknown
myc sfrp1 Repression
myc shmt1 Unknown
myc srsf1 Activation
myc st3gal1 Activation
myc st3gal3 Activation
myc st3gal4 Activation
myc surf1 Activation
myc surf2 Activation
myc tert Activation
myc tert Unknown
myc tfam Unknown
myc tfap4 Activation
myc tfrc Activation
myc tlx1 Unknown
myc tnfrsf10b Activation
myc top1mt Unknown
myc tp53 Activation
myc tp53 Unknown
myc tp73 Activation
myc ube2c Activation
myc vegfa Activation
myc vegfa Unknown
myc wrn Activation
myc xpo1 Activation
mycn abcb1 Repression
mycn abcc1 Activation
mycn abcc1 Unknown
mycn bax Activation
mycn birc5 Activation
mycn bmi1 Activation
mycn cd44 Activation
mycn cdkn1a Activation
mycn cdkn1b Unknown
mycn ciita Repression
mycn clu Repression
mycn ctsd Activation
mycn ddb1 Unknown
mycn dkk3 Repression
mycn efnb3 Activation
mycn grhl1 Repression
mycn hdac2 Activation
mycn hla_a Unknown
mycn hla_b Unknown
mycn hla_c Unknown
mycn hla_e Unknown
mycn hla_f Unknown
mycn hla_g Unknown
mycn hmga1 Unknown
mycn id2 Unknown
mycn ifng Unknown
mycn lrrn3 Repression
mycn mcm10 Activation
mycn mcm2 Activation
mycn mcm3 Activation
mycn mcm4 Activation
mycn mcm5 Activation
mycn mcm6 Activation
mycn mcm7 Activation
mycn mcm7 Unknown
mycn mcm8 Activation
mycn mdm2 Unknown
mycn mir202 Unknown
mycn mxi1 Repression
mycn mybl2 Activation
mycn ndrg1 Activation
mycn ndrg1 Repression
mycn ndrg1 Unknown
mycn nes Activation
mycn ngfr Repression
mycn ntrk1 Repression
mycn skp2 Repression
mycn tp53 Activation
mycn tp53 Repression
mycn tp53inp1 Repression
myf6 acacb Unknown
myocd actg2 Activation
myod1 acacb Unknown
myod1 hbegf Activation
myod1 slc9a2 Unknown
myog acacb Unknown
myog myef2 Activation
mzf1 blmh Activation
mzf1 cd34 Unknown
mzf1 cdh2 Unknown
mzf1 mmp2 Repression
mzf1 pik3r3 Unknown
mzf1 tert Repression
nab1 msln Unknown
nab2 bcar1 Activation
nab2 rbl2 Activation
nanog afp Repression
nanog ccnd1 Unknown
nanog cdc25a Repression
nanog cdc25a Unknown
nanog cdk6 Repression
nanog cdk6 Unknown
nanog cdx2 Repression
nanog cga Repression
nanog dkk1 Unknown
nanog fgf4 Activation
nanog kdr Activation
nanog gata2 Repression
nanog gata4 Repression
nanog gata6 Repression
nanog gdf3 Unknown
nanog kdr Activation
nanog klf2 Activation
nanog l1td1 Unknown
nanog lamb1 Repression
nanog lxn Repression
nanog mtf2 Activation
nanog nodal Unknown
nanog pou5f1 Activation
nanog sema6a Unknown
nanog sox1 Activation
nanog yes1 Activation
ncoa1 cdkn1a Activation
ncoa1 epo Activation
ncoa2 ar Repression
ncoa3 bcl2 Activation
ncoa3 brca1 Unknown
ncoa3 epo Activation
ncoa3 erbb2 Unknown
ncoa3 mmp10 Activation
ncoa3 mmp7 Activation
ncoa3 plac1 Unknown
ncoa4 ar Activation
ncoa4 ar Unknown
ncoa4 klk3 Activation
ncoa4 tff1 Unknown
ncoa6 cyp2c9 Unknown
ncoa6 cyp3a4 Unknown
ncoa6 fos Activation
ncoa6 hsf1 Activation
ncor1 ar Activation
ncor1 ar Unknown
ncor1 esr1 Repression
ncor1 g0s2 Repression
ncor1 igf1 Unknown
ncor1 igfbp3 Repression
ncor1 pparg Repression
ncor1 snai2 Repression
ncor2 ar Activation
ncor2 ar Unknown
ncor2 igf1 Unknown
ncor2 mycn Unknown
ncor2 nr1i2 Unknown
ncor2 pck2 Unknown
neat1 cxcl8 Repression
nelfb tff1 Repression
nelfb tff1 Unknown
nelfcd ccnd1 Repression
nelfcd cdkn1a Activation
nelfcd ctnnb1 Repression
neurod1 ins Unknown
neurog3 neurod1 Unknown
neurog3 vsx2 Activation
nf1 afp Repression
nf1 ddb1 Unknown
nf1 ddb2 Unknown
nf1 fos Activation
nf1 gnrh1 Unknown
nf1 hsd11b2 Unknown
nf1 mbp Unknown
nf1 msh2 Unknown
nf1 myc Activation
nf1 plat Repression
nf1 ppp2r2d Unknown
nf1 sftpb Unknown
nf1 sp3 Unknown
nf1 tp53 Activation
nfat5 ccl2 Repression
nfat5 cyp3a7 Unknown
nfat5 ltb Unknown
nfat5 tnf Unknown
nfatc1 cd3g Activation
nfatc1 cd3g Repression
nfatc1 cyp2e1 Activation
nfatc1 egr3 Unknown
nfatc1 icam1 Activation
nfatc1 ifng Unknown
nfatc1 il2 Unknown
nfatc1 sp1 Repression
nfatc2 cd3g Repression
nfatc2 egr3 Unknown
nfatc2 enpp2 Unknown
nfatc2 foxp3 Activation
nfatc2 ifng Unknown
nfatc2 mdm2 Activation
nfatc2 tert Unknown
nfatc3 ctsd Activation
nfatc3 tff1 Activation
nfe2 gclc Unknown
nfe2 gss Unknown
nfe2 hbe1 Unknown
nfe2 tbxa2r Unknown
nfe2l1 cdk11b Unknown
nfe2l1 nqo1 Activation
nfe2l2 brca1 Activation
nfe2l2 cat Activation
nfe2l2 cftr Activation
nfe2l2 cftr Repression
nfe2l2 cxcl8 Activation
nfe2l2 gclc Repression
nfe2l2 gclc Unknown
nfe2l2 gss Unknown
nfe2l2 gsta1 Activation
nfe2l2 gsta1 Repression
nfe2l2 hbb Unknown
nfe2l2 hmox1 Activation
nfe2l2 hmox1 Repression
nfe2l2 hmox1 Unknown
nfe2l2 krt16 Activation
nfe2l2 mthfr Activation
nfe2l2 nqo1 Activation
nfe2l2 nqo1 Repression
nfe2l2 nqo1 Unknown
nfe2l2 sdhb Unknown
nfe2l2 sod1 Activation
nfe2l2 sod2 Activation
nfe2l2 ugt2b7 Activation
nfia cdkn1a Repression
nfia pck2 Unknown
nfib cdkn1a Activation
nfib mbp Activation
nfib wfdc2 Unknown
nfic fhl5 Activation
nfic alas1 Unknown
nfic c4bpb Activation
nfic ccl2 Activation
nfic col18a1 Unknown
nfic col1a1 Unknown
nfic csh1 Unknown
nfic cyp17a1 Activation
nfic cyp17a1 Unknown
nfic cyp1a1 Repression
nfic fabp7 Unknown
nfic gfap Unknown
nfic gtf3c1 Unknown
nfic gtf3c2 Unknown
nfic gucy1b1 Unknown
nfic hgf Unknown
nfic hmgb1 Activation
nfic hsd11b2 Unknown
nfic irs2 Activation
nfic itga5 Repression
nfic jun Unknown
nfic matn1 Repression
nfic pold2 Unknown
nfic pole2 Unknown
nfic slc34a2 Activation
nfic smug1 Activation
nfic tfpi2 Unknown
nfic vwf Unknown
nfil3 app Unknown
nfil3 areg Unknown
nfil3 ereg Unknown
nfil3 hpgd Unknown
nfil3 ifng Unknown
nfil3 il1b Repression
nfil3 pgr Unknown
nfil3 ptgs2 Unknown
nfil3 tnfsf10 Repression
nfil3 vwf Unknown
nfix cdkn1a Repression
nfix chi3l1 Activation
nfkb1 a2m Unknown
nfkb1 abca1 Repression
nfkb1 abcb1 Activation
nfkb1 abcb1 Repression
nfkb1 abcb1 Unknown
nfkb1 abcg2 Activation
nfkb1 adora1 Activation
nfkb1 adora2a Unknown
nfkb1 adora3 Unknown
nfkb1 ager Activation
nfkb1 agt Unknown
nfkb1 akt1 Repression
nfkb1 akt2 Repression
nfkb1 alox5 Repression
nfkb1 alox5ap Unknown
nfkb1 amh Activation
nfkb1 ar Repression
nfkb1 ar Unknown
nfkb1 atf3 Unknown
nfkb1 b2m Activation
nfkb1 bace1 Repression
nfkb1 bax Repression
nfkb1 bax Unknown
nfkb1 bcl2 Activation
nfkb1 bcl2 Repression
nfkb1 bcl2 Unknown
nfkb1 bcl2a1 Activation
nfkb1 bcl2a1 Unknown
nfkb1 bcl2l1 Activation
nfkb1 bcl2l1 Repression
nfkb1 bcl2l1 Unknown
nfkb1 bcl2l11 Repression
nfkb1 bcl3 Activation
nfkb1 bdkrb1 Unknown
nfkb1 bgn Activation
nfkb1 bhmt Repression
nfkb1 birc2 Activation
nfkb1 birc2 Repression
nfkb1 birc2 Unknown
nfkb1 birc3 Activation
nfkb1 birc3 Repression
nfkb1 birc3 Unknown
nfkb1 birc5 Activation
nfkb1 birc5 Unknown
nfkb1 bmp2 Activation
nfkb1 brca2 Activation
nfkb1 bst1 Unknown
nfkb1 btg2 Unknown
nfkb1 card8 Unknown
nfkb1 carm1 Unknown
nfkb1 casp3 Unknown
nfkb1 casp9 Unknown
nfkb1 cck Unknown
nfkb1 ccl11 Activation
nfkb1 ccl11 Unknown
nfkb1 ccl13 Unknown
nfkb1 ccl19 Activation
nfkb1 ccl19 Unknown
nfkb1 ccl2 Activation
nfkb1 ccl2 Unknown
nfkb1 ccl20 Unknown
nfkb1 ccl22 Activation
nfkb1 ccl3 Activation
nfkb1 ccl3 Unknown
nfkb1 ccl4 Unknown
nfkb1 ccl5 Activation
nfkb1 ccl5 Unknown
nfkb1 ccnb1 Activation
nfkb1 ccnb1 Unknown
nfkb1 ccnd1 Activation
nfkb1 ccnd1 Repression
nfkb1 ccnd1 Unknown
nfkb1 ccnd2 Activation
nfkb1 ccr2 Activation
nfkb1 ccr3 Activation
nfkb1 ccr5 Unknown
nfkb1 ccr7 Activation
nfkb1 ccr7 Unknown
nfkb1 cd28 Unknown
nfkb1 cd38 Unknown
nfkb1 cd3g Activation
nfkb1 cd40 Activation
nfkb1 cd40 Unknown
nfkb1 cd40lg Activation
nfkb1 cd40lg Unknown
nfkb1 cd58 Activation
nfkb1 cd69 Unknown
nfkb1 cd74 Unknown
nfkb1 cd80 Activation
nfkb1 cd83 Activation
nfkb1 cd83 Unknown
nfkb1 cd86 Activation
nfkb1 cd86 Unknown
nfkb1 cdh1 Activation
nfkb1 cdk4 Activation
nfkb1 cdkn1a Repression
nfkb1 ceacam1 Activation
nfkb1 cfi Activation
nfkb1 cflar Activation
nfkb1 cflar Repression
nfkb1 cflar Unknown
nfkb1 cftr Activation
nfkb1 col1a1 Unknown
nfkb1 col1a2 Repression
nfkb1 col2a1 Repression
nfkb1 col7a1 Unknown
nfkb1 cox1 Unknown
nfkb1 cr2 Unknown
nfkb1 creb3 Unknown
nfkb1 crhr1 Activation
nfkb1 crmp1 Unknown
nfkb1 crp Activation
nfkb1 crp Unknown
nfkb1 csf1 Activation
nfkb1 csf1 Unknown
nfkb1 csf2 Unknown
nfkb1 csnk2a1 Unknown
nfkb1 ctcf Repression
nfkb1 ctsb Activation
nfkb1 cxcl1 Activation
nfkb1 cxcl1 Unknown
nfkb1 cxcl10 Activation
nfkb1 cxcl10 Unknown
nfkb1 cxcl12 Activation
nfkb1 cxcl2 Unknown
nfkb1 cxcl5 Unknown
nfkb1 cxcl8 Activation
nfkb1 cxcl8 Repression
nfkb1 cxcl8 Unknown
nfkb1 cxcr2 Activation
nfkb1 cxcr2 Unknown
nfkb1 cxcr4 Activation
nfkb1 cxcr4 Unknown
nfkb1 cyp19a1 Repression
nfkb1 cyp1a1 Unknown
nfkb1 cyp27b1 Unknown
nfkb1 cyp2e1 Unknown
nfkb1 cyp3a7 Unknown
nfkb1 defb4a Unknown
nfkb1 drd2 Unknown
nfkb1 e2f1 Unknown
nfkb1 ebi3 Activation
nfkb1 edn1 Unknown
nfkb1 egfr Activation
nfkb1 egfr Unknown
nfkb1 egr1 Repression
nfkb1 elf3 Unknown
nfkb1 epcam Repression
nfkb1 erap1 Unknown
nfkb1 erap2 Unknown
nfkb1 f3 Unknown
nfkb1 f8 Unknown
nfkb1 faf1 Activation
nfkb1 fas Activation
nfkb1 fas Repression
nfkb1 fas Unknown
nfkb1 faslg Activation
nfkb1 faslg Unknown
nfkb1 fbp1 Unknown
nfkb1 fgf7 Unknown
nfkb1 fgf8 Activation
nfkb1 vegfd Activation
nfkb1 flt4 Activation
nfkb1 fn1 Activation
nfkb1 fn1 Unknown
nfkb1 foxo3 Unknown
nfkb1 foxp3 Activation
nfkb1 gadd45g Unknown
nfkb1 gata3 Activation
nfkb1 gclc Unknown
nfkb1 gdnf Unknown
nfkb1 gfap Activation
nfkb1 gfap Unknown
nfkb1 gkn2 Repression
nfkb1 grin1 Unknown
nfkb1 gsk3a Unknown
nfkb1 gsk3b Unknown
nfkb1 gstp1 Activation
nfkb1 hax1 Unknown
nfkb1 hbegf Activation
nfkb1 hdac1 Unknown
nfkb1 hdac7 Unknown
nfkb1 hes1 Unknown
nfkb1 hif1a Unknown
nfkb1 hla_f Unknown
nfkb1 hmox1 Unknown
nfkb1 hoxa9 Repression
nfkb1 hpse Activation
nfkb1 hsd11b2 Activation
nfkb1 hsd11b2 Repression
nfkb1 hyal1 Activation
nfkb1 icam1 Activation
nfkb1 icam1 Unknown
nfkb1 ier3 Unknown
nfkb1 ifna1 Activation
nfkb1 ifna1 Unknown
nfkb1 ifnb1 Activation
nfkb1 ifnb1 Unknown
nfkb1 ifng Activation
nfkb1 ifng Unknown
nfkb1 igf2bp2 Unknown
nfkb1 il10 Activation
nfkb1 il10 Unknown
nfkb1 il12a Activation
nfkb1 il12b Activation
nfkb1 il12b Unknown
nfkb1 il17a Unknown
nfkb1 il17c Activation
nfkb1 il18 Activation
nfkb1 il18 Unknown
nfkb1 il1a Repression
nfkb1 il1b Activation
nfkb1 il1b Unknown
nfkb1 il1rn Activation
nfkb1 il2 Activation
nfkb1 il2 Unknown
nfkb1 il21 Unknown
nfkb1 il23a Activation
nfkb1 il23a Unknown
nfkb1 il2ra Unknown
nfkb1 il4 Unknown
nfkb1 il6 Activation
nfkb1 il6 Repression
nfkb1 il6 Unknown
nfkb1 irf1 Activation
nfkb1 irf1 Unknown
nfkb1 irf4 Activation
nfkb1 irf7 Activation
nfkb1 irf7 Unknown
nfkb1 itgax Unknown
nfkb1 junb Activation
nfkb1 kdm2a Unknown
nfkb1 klk3 Activation
nfkb1 klk3 Repression
nfkb1 lcn2 Activation
nfkb1 lcn2 Unknown
nfkb1 lipe Activation
nfkb1 lpl Activation
nfkb1 ltc4s Repression
nfkb1 madcam1 Unknown
nfkb1 mat2a Activation
nfkb1 mcl1 Activation
nfkb1 mcl1 Repression
nfkb1 mcl1 Unknown
nfkb1 mgmt Unknown
nfkb1 mica Unknown
nfkb1 mif Unknown
nfkb1 mmp1 Activation
nfkb1 mmp1 Unknown
nfkb1 mmp13 Activation
nfkb1 mmp14 Activation
nfkb1 mmp2 Activation
nfkb1 mmp3 Unknown
nfkb1 mmp9 Activation
nfkb1 mmp9 Repression
nfkb1 mmp9 Unknown
nfkb1 muc17 Unknown
nfkb1 muc2 Activation
nfkb1 muc5ac Unknown
nfkb1 muc5b Unknown
nfkb1 muc6 Unknown
nfkb1 myc Activation
nfkb1 myc Repression
nfkb1 myc Unknown
nfkb1 nampt Activation
nfkb1 ncam1 Activation
nfkb1 ncor1 Unknown
nfkb1 ncor2 Unknown
nfkb1 nfkb1 Unknown
nfkb1 nfkbia Activation
nfkb1 nfkbia Repression
nfkb1 nfkbia Unknown
nfkb1 nfkbiz Unknown
nfkb1 nlrp2 Activation
nfkb1 nod2 Activation
nfkb1 nolc1 Activation
nfkb1 nos1 Activation
nfkb1 nos2 Activation
nfkb1 nos2 Unknown
nfkb1 nos3 Activation
nfkb1 nox4 Activation
nfkb1 nox5 Activation
nfkb1 nppb Unknown
nfkb1 nrf1 Unknown
nfkb1 olfm4 Unknown
nfkb1 olr1 Unknown
nfkb1 oprm1 Unknown
nfkb1 optn Activation
nfkb1 pcyt2 Unknown
nfkb1 pde7a Unknown
nfkb1 pdk4 Repression
nfkb1 pglyrp2 Unknown
nfkb1 pigr Unknown
nfkb1 pla2g2a Unknown
nfkb1 plau Activation
nfkb1 plaur Activation
nfkb1 plaur Unknown
nfkb1 plin1 Activation
nfkb1 pou2f2 Unknown
nfkb1 ppig Unknown
nfkb1 prox1 Activation
nfkb1 psmb10 Unknown
nfkb1 psmb9 Unknown
nfkb1 ptafr Activation
nfkb1 pten Activation
nfkb1 pten Repression
nfkb1 ptgds Activation
nfkb1 ptger4 Unknown
nfkb1 ptges Activation
nfkb1 ptgfr Unknown
nfkb1 ptgs2 Activation
nfkb1 ptgs2 Repression
nfkb1 ptgs2 Unknown
nfkb1 pthlh Activation
nfkb1 ptpn13 Unknown
nfkb1 ptpn6 Unknown
nfkb1 reps2 Repression
nfkb1 rgs4 Activation
nfkb1 ripk2 Activation
nfkb1 rrm2b Unknown
nfkb1 s100a6 Activation
nfkb1 saa1 Unknown
nfkb1 sdc1 Activation
nfkb1 sele Activation
nfkb1 sele Unknown
nfkb1 serpina3 Repression
nfkb1 serpinb1 Activation
nfkb1 serpine1 Activation
nfkb1 serpine1 Repression
nfkb1 sftpa1 Unknown
nfkb1 slc25a27 Activation
nfkb1 slc9a2 Unknown
nfkb1 snai1 Activation
nfkb1 snai1 Unknown
nfkb1 socs3 Unknown
nfkb1 sod2 Activation
nfkb1 sod2 Unknown
nfkb1 sqstm1 Unknown
nfkb1 stat4 Unknown
nfkb1 stk39 Activation
nfkb1 tap1 Unknown
nfkb1 tap2 Unknown
nfkb1 tapbp Unknown
nfkb1 tbp Unknown
nfkb1 tbx21 Activation
nfkb1 tert Unknown
nfkb1 tf Activation
nfkb1 tf Unknown
nfkb1 tff1 Activation
nfkb1 tff3 Activation
nfkb1 tff3 Unknown
nfkb1 tfpi2 Unknown
nfkb1 tgfb1 Unknown
nfkb1 thbd Repression
nfkb1 timp1 Repression
nfkb1 timp1 Unknown
nfkb1 tlr2 Activation
nfkb1 tlr3 Activation
nfkb1 tlr3 Repression
nfkb1 tlr7 Activation
nfkb1 tlr9 Unknown
nfkb1 tnc Unknown
nfkb1 tnf Activation
nfkb1 tnf Unknown
nfkb1 tnfaip3 Activation
nfkb1 tnfaip3 Unknown
nfkb1 tnfrsf10a Unknown
nfkb1 tnfrsf10b Activation
nfkb1 tnfrsf10b Unknown
nfkb1 tnfrsf13c Activation
nfkb1 tnfrsf9 Unknown
nfkb1 tnfsf10 Activation
nfkb1 tnfsf10 Repression
nfkb1 tnfsf10 Unknown
nfkb1 tnfsf13b Unknown
nfkb1 tnfsf14 Unknown
nfkb1 tnip3 Unknown
nfkb1 tp53 Unknown
nfkb1 traf1 Activation
nfkb1 traf1 Unknown
nfkb1 traf2 Activation
nfkb1 traf2 Repression
nfkb1 traf2 Unknown
nfkb1 trim21 Unknown
nfkb1 trpc1 Unknown
nfkb1 tslp Unknown
nfkb1 upp1 Activation
nfkb1 vcam1 Activation
nfkb1 vcam1 Unknown
nfkb1 vegfa Activation
nfkb1 vegfa Repression
nfkb1 vegfa Unknown
nfkb1 vwf Unknown
nfkb1 wt1 Unknown
nfkb1 xiap Activation
nfkb1 xiap Repression
nfkb1 xiap Unknown
nfkb1 yy1 Repression
nfkb1 yy1 Unknown
nfkb2 ccl21 Activation
nfkb2 ccnd2 Activation
nfkb2 cdk6 Activation
nfkb2 hif1a Repression
nfkb2 selp Activation
nfkb2 snd1 Activation
nfkbia ccl5 Repression
nfkbia cd40 Repression
nfkbia cd58 Repression
nfkbia cxcl8 Unknown
nfkbia ebi3 Repression
nfkbia fas Repression
nfkbia icam1 Repression
nfkbia ifnb1 Repression
nfkbia il1b Repression
nfkbia mmp1 Unknown
nfkbia mmp3 Unknown
nfkbia mmp9 Unknown
nfkbia nfkb1 Activation
nfkbia nfkb1 Repression
nfkbia nfkb1 Unknown
nfkbia nos2 Repression
nfkbia pon2 Activation
nfkbia rela Activation
nfkbia rela Repression
nfkbia rela Unknown
nfkbia s100a6 Repression
nfkbia tnfsf10 Repression
nfkbia traf1 Repression
nfkbib ifnb1 Repression
nfkbiz defb4a Unknown
nfrkb jun Activation
nfya abcb1 Unknown
nfya cbs Activation
nfya ccnd2 Activation
nfya cdkn1b Activation
nfya cyp2a6 Activation
nfya ddit3 Unknown
nfya fas Unknown
nfya fxr2 Activation
nfya gadd45a Activation
nfya gadd45a Unknown
nfya gfi1b Unknown
nfya hbb Unknown
nfya hoxb4 Activation
nfya hoxb7 Unknown
nfya hspa5 Unknown
nfya lpin1 Unknown
nfya ogg1 Activation
nfya ogg1 Unknown
nfya sox18 Activation
nfya sox3 Unknown
nfya sp3 Activation
nfya stk11 Unknown
nfyb abcb1 Unknown
nfyb ccnd2 Activation
nfyb cdkn1b Activation
nfyb fas Unknown
nfyb fos Unknown
nfyb fxr2 Activation
nfyb gfi1b Unknown
nfyb hbb Unknown
nfyb hoxb7 Unknown
nfyb lpin1 Unknown
nfyb sox18 Activation
nfyb sox3 Unknown
nfyb stk11 Unknown
nfyb tph1 Activation
nfyc abcb1 Unknown
nfyc ccnd2 Activation
nfyc cdkn1b Activation
nfyc fas Unknown
nfyc fdps Unknown
nfyc fos Unknown
nfyc fxr2 Activation
nfyc gfi1b Unknown
nfyc hbb Unknown
nfyc hoxb7 Unknown
nfyc lpin1 Unknown
nfyc sox18 Activation
nfyc sox3 Unknown
nhlh2 ascl1 Activation
nhlh2 ascl1 Repression
nhlh2 hes1 Repression
nhlh2 maoa Activation
nkx2_1 lmo3 Unknown
nkx2_1 ret Repression
nkx2_1 sftpa1 Unknown
nkx2_1 sftpb Activation
nkx2_1 sftpb Unknown
nkx2_1 sp1 Unknown
nkx2_1 stk11 Repression
nkx2_2 nppa Activation
nkx2_3 egr1 Unknown
nkx2_5 ctnnb1 Unknown
nkx2_5 dact1 Repression
nkx2_5 dact2 Repression
nkx2_5 dact3 Repression
nkx2_5 gata4 Activation
nkx2_5 lyl1 Unknown
nkx2_5 mef2c Repression
nkx2_5 nppb Unknown
nkx2_5 tbx5 Unknown
nkx3_1 actg2 Activation
nkx3_1 ar Repression
nkx3_1 ccnd1 Repression
nkx3_1 esr1 Unknown
nkx3_1 fos Repression
nkx3_1 igf1r Repression
nkx3_1 klk3 Unknown
nkx3_1 six6 Unknown
nkx3_1 tmprss2 Unknown
nkx3_1 vegfa Unknown
nono mia Unknown
notch3 apod Repression
notch3 asph Unknown
notch3 hes1 Repression
npas2 cry1 Unknown
npas2 cry2 Unknown
npas2 per1 Unknown
npas2 per2 Unknown
npas3 vgf Unknown
npm1 atf5 Repression
npm1 brd4 Unknown
npm1 ccnd1 Unknown
npm1 cdkn1a Activation
npm1 dnmt1 Unknown
npm1 elf4 Unknown
npm1 mdm2 Repression
npm1 ptpn6 Activation
npm1 rpl3 Unknown
npm1 taf1a Activation
npm1 usp7 Unknown
nr0b1 amh Repression
nr0b1 camp Repression
nr0b1 cyp17a1 Repression
nr0b1 cyp19a1 Repression
nr0b1 esrrg Repression
nr0b1 nos1 Activation
nr0b1 nr1h4 Repression
nr0b1 nr5a1 Repression
nr0b1 pbx1 Activation
nr0b1 star Repression
nr0b2 apoc3 Unknown
nr0b2 cyp27a1 Unknown
nr0b2 cyp7a1 Unknown
nr0b2 cyp8b1 Unknown
nr0b2 e2f1 Repression
nr0b2 g6pc Unknown
nr0b2 pck2 Repression
nr0b2 pck2 Unknown
nr0b2 ptgs2 Activation
nr1d1 arntl Repression
nr1h2 abca1 Activation
nr1h2 abcg1 Activation
nr1h2 abcg4 Activation
nr1h3 abca1 Activation
nr1h3 abca1 Unknown
nr1h3 abcg1 Activation
nr1h3 abcg4 Activation
nr1h3 bhlhe40 Activation
nr1h3 cetp Unknown
nr1h4 abcb11 Unknown
nr1h4 abcb4 Activation
nr1h4 abcc4 Repression
nr1h4 cyp7a1 Repression
nr1h4 dcn Activation
nr1h4 edn1 Repression
nr1h4 fabp6 Activation
nr1h4 hsd3b2 Unknown
nr1h4 ins Activation
nr1h4 klf11 Unknown
nr1h4 krt13 Activation
nr1h4 nfkb1 Activation
nr1h4 nr1i2 Activation
nr1h4 pltp Unknown
nr1h4 rela Activation
nr1h4 scarb1 Activation
nr1h4 slco1b3 Unknown
nr1h4 stk11 Activation
nr1h4 ugt2b4 Repression
nr1h4 vegfa Activation
nr1i2 abcb1 Activation
nr1i2 bcl2 Activation
nr1i2 bcl2l1 Activation
nr1i2 ccl2 Repression
nr1i2 coro1c Activation
nr1i2 cyp2b6 Unknown
nr1i2 cyp2c8 Unknown
nr1i2 cyp2c9 Unknown
nr1i2 cyp3a4 Activation
nr1i2 cyp3a4 Unknown
nr1i2 cyp4f12 Unknown
nr1i2 fgf19 Activation
nr1i2 fosl1 Activation
nr1i2 hp Unknown
nr1i2 il10 Activation
nr1i2 klf6 Activation
nr1i2 nfkb1 Repression
nr1i2 nod1 Repression
nr1i2 nod2 Repression
nr1i2 ptafr Activation
nr1i2 rab3a Activation
nr1i2 rela Repression
nr1i2 rxra Unknown
nr1i2 thbs1 Activation
nr1i2 thrsp Activation
nr1i2 tnfrsf12a Activation
nr1i2 ugt1a1 Activation
nr1i3 cyp2b6 Activation
nr1i3 cyp2b6 Unknown
nr1i3 cyp2c9 Unknown
nr1i3 ugt1a1 Activation
nr1i3 ugt1a1 Unknown
nr2c2 lhcgr Activation
nr2c2 oxt Unknown
nr2e3 esr1 Unknown
nr2e3 rho Activation
nr2f1 apoa2 Unknown
nr2f1 apob Unknown
nr2f1 apoc3 Unknown
nr2f1 cyp17a1 Repression
nr2f1 cyp19a1 Unknown
nr2f1 dr1 Repression
nr2f1 lhcgr Repression
nr2f1 mttp Repression
nr2f1 serpinc1 Repression
nr2f2 e2f1 Unknown
nr2f2 hey1 Unknown
nr2f2 hey2 Unknown
nr2f2 nts Unknown
nr2f2 pou5f1 Repression
nr2f2 ppara Unknown
nr2f2 tfap2a Activation
nr2f6 apoa2 Unknown
nr2f6 apob Unknown
nr2f6 apoc3 Unknown
nr2f6 cyp19a1 Unknown
nr2f6 lhcgr Repression
nr3c1 atf2 Repression
nr3c1 atp1b1 Repression
nr3c1 atp1b1 Unknown
nr3c1 bad Activation
nr3c1 bax Activation
nr3c1 bglap Repression
nr3c1 brca1 Activation
nr3c1 cald1 Activation
nr3c1 ccnd1 Unknown
nr3c1 ccnd3 Repression
nr3c1 cdk4 Repression
nr3c1 cdk6 Repression
nr3c1 cdkn1a Activation
nr3c1 cox1 Unknown
nr3c1 csf1r Unknown
nr3c1 cyp19a1 Activation
nr3c1 elk1 Repression
nr3c1 ets1 Repression
nr3c1 hrh1 Unknown
nr3c1 hsd11b2 Unknown
nr3c1 maoa Unknown
nr3c1 muc4 Unknown
nr3c1 nfkb1 Repression
nr3c1 nr1i2 Unknown
nr3c1 nr3c1 Unknown
nr3c1 pnrc1 Unknown
nr3c1 ppig Unknown
nr3c1 rln1 Unknown
nr3c1 rln2 Unknown
nr3c1 rps6ka3 Activation
nr3c1 s100p Unknown
nr3c1 scnn1a Unknown
nr3c1 slc10a2 Unknown
nr3c1 spp1 Unknown
nr3c1 srf Repression
nr3c1 stat1 Repression
nr3c1 tat Unknown
nr3c1 tp53 Repression
nr3c1 ugt1a1 Activation
nr3c1 ugt1a1 Unknown
nr3c2 atp1b1 Repression
nr3c2 atp1b1 Unknown
nr3c2 cabin1 Repression
nr3c2 ccr5 Activation
nr3c2 ccr6 Activation
nr3c2 cd40 Activation
nr3c2 egfr Activation
nr3c2 lcn2 Unknown
nr4a1 babam2 Repression
nr4a1 ccna2 Repression
nr4a1 cdkn1b Activation
nr4a1 cyp11a1 Unknown
nr4a1 cyp17a1 Unknown
nr4a1 e2f1 Activation
nr4a1 faslg Unknown
nr4a1 hsd3b2 Activation
nr4a1 hsd3b2 Unknown
nr4a1 mdm2 Repression
nr4a1 mmp2 Activation
nr4a1 rnf7 Repression
nr4a1 serpine1 Unknown
nr4a1 star Unknown
nr4a1 timp2 Activation
nr4a1 tnf Repression
nr4a2 apom Unknown
nr4a2 crh Unknown
nr4a2 cxcl8 Unknown
nr4a2 mmp1 Repression
nr4a2 slc6a3 Unknown
nr4a3 pparg Repression
nr5a1 amh Activation
nr5a1 amh Unknown
nr5a1 cited2 Activation
nr5a1 cyp11a1 Unknown
nr5a1 cyp11b1 Unknown
nr5a1 cyp11b2 Repression
nr5a1 cyp17a1 Activation
nr5a1 cyp17a1 Unknown
nr5a1 cyp19a1 Activation
nr5a1 cyp19a1 Repression
nr5a1 cyp2b6 Unknown
nr5a1 fshr Unknown
nr5a1 hsd3b1 Unknown
nr5a1 hsd3b2 Activation
nr5a1 insl3 Unknown
nr5a1 lhb Activation
nr5a1 mc2r Activation
nr5a1 mc2r Unknown
nr5a1 nov Repression
nr5a1 nr0b1 Activation
nr5a1 nr0b1 Unknown
nr5a1 pbx1 Activation
nr5a1 pnrc1 Unknown
nr5a1 pou5f1 Unknown
nr5a1 sry Activation
nr5a1 star Activation
nr5a1 star Repression
nr5a1 star Unknown
nr5a1 stard7 Activation
nr5a2 abcb11 Unknown
nr5a2 abcg5 Activation
nr5a2 abcg8 Activation
nr5a2 ccne1 Unknown
nr5a2 cetp Activation
nr5a2 cyp11a1 Unknown
nr5a2 cyp11b1 Activation
nr5a2 cyp19a1 Unknown
nr5a2 hsd3b2 Activation
nr5a2 hsd3b2 Unknown
nr5a2 nr5a2 Activation
nr5a2 slc10a2 Unknown
nr5a2 star Activation
nrf1 capns1 Activation
nrf1 cox6a1 Unknown
nrf1 cxcr4 Activation
nrf1 fmr1 Activation
nrf1 fmr1 Unknown
nrf1 fxr2 Activation
nrf1 galnt3 Unknown
nrf1 ide Activation
nrf1 nqo1 Unknown
nrf1 prdx3 Activation
nrf1 prdx5 Activation
nrf1 sdhb Unknown
nrf1 slc46a1 Activation
nrf1 snrpn Unknown
nrf1 spast Activation
nrf1 tomm34 Unknown
nrip1 slc7a1 Activation
nrl nr2e3 Activation
nrl pde6b Unknown
nrl rbp3 Repression
nrl rho Repression
nrl rho Unknown
nupr1 bcl2l1 Activation
nupr1 cdkn1a Activation
nupr1 cdkn1a Unknown
nupr1 ep300 Unknown
nupr1 msl1 Repression
nupr1 tp53 Unknown
olig2 lgr5 Unknown
onecut1 mitf Unknown
onecut1 proc Activation
onecut2 mitf Activation
onecut2 sytl4 Repression
otx1 best1 Activation
otx2 aurka Activation
otx2 best1 Activation
otx2 best1 Unknown
otx2 ccng2 Activation
otx2 cdc25c Activation
otx2 dct Unknown
otx2 hesx1 Unknown
otx2 igf1 Activation
otx2 il6 Activation
otx2 pax6 Activation
otx2 pou1f1 Unknown
otx2 rbp3 Activation
otx2 rbp3 Unknown
otx2 tyr Activation
pa2g4 agr2 Activation
pa2g4 ar Unknown
pa2g4 e2f1 Repression
pa2g4 e2f1 Unknown
pa2g4 klk3 Repression
parp1 bcl2 Repression
parp1 brca2 Repression
parp1 cdh1 Activation
parp1 cdh1 Unknown
parp1 cdkn1a Unknown
parp1 cxcl1 Unknown
parp1 dnaaf4 Unknown
parp1 e2f1 Activation
parp1 fbn1 Unknown
parp1 fn1 Unknown
parp1 foxo1 Repression
parp1 hfe Unknown
parp1 htr1a Repression
parp1 ifnar1 Unknown
parp1 ifng Unknown
parp1 il10 Unknown
parp1 jun Unknown
parp1 nfkb1 Unknown
parp1 rela Unknown
parp1 serpine1 Activation
parp1 serpinf1 Repression
parp1 sh3bp2 Unknown
parp1 smarcb1 Unknown
parp1 snai1 Repression
parp1 thbd Activation
parp1 thbd Repression
parp1 vim Activation
pawr bcl2 Repression
pawr nov Activation
pax1 pdgfra Unknown
pax2 adam10 Unknown
pax2 erbb2 Unknown
pax2 l1cam Unknown
pax2 ncam1 Unknown
pax2 tp53 Repression
pax2 wt1 Unknown
pax3 bcl2l1 Activation
pax3 cxcr4 Activation
pax3 dpysl2 Unknown
pax3 met Unknown
pax3 mitf Activation
pax3 mitf Repression
pax3 mitf Unknown
pax3 shh Unknown
pax4 gcg Repression
pax4 ins Repression
pax4 ins Unknown
pax4 isl1 Unknown
pax5 bax Activation
pax5 bcl2 Repression
pax5 blk Repression
pax5 ccnd1 Repression
pax5 cd19 Activation
pax5 cd19 Unknown
pax5 cd79a Activation
pax5 cdkn1a Activation
pax5 fcer2 Unknown
pax5 fhl2 Activation
pax5 lef1 Activation
pax5 met Activation
pax5 met Unknown
pax5 mmp1 Repression
pax5 mycn Activation
pax5 prdm1 Repression
pax5 prkce Unknown
pax5 rag2 Unknown
pax5 rb1 Unknown
pax5 tert Activation
pax5 timp1 Activation
pax5 tp53 Activation
pax5 tp53 Repression
pax5 xbp1 Repression
pax6 fabp7 Activation
pax6 gcg Unknown
pax6 itga5 Unknown
pax6 itgb1 Unknown
pax6 krt12 Unknown
pax6 met Activation
pax6 mmp2 Unknown
pax6 pcsk1 Activation
pax6 pdhx Repression
pax6 prox1 Activation
pax6 six3 Activation
pax8 e2f1 Activation
pax8 ncam1 Activation
pax8 slc3a1 Activation
pax8 slc5a5 Activation
pax8 tg Repression
pax8 tp53 Repression
pax8 tshr Repression
pax8 wt1 Activation
pbx1 hoxb1 Activation
pbx1 nanog Activation
pbx1 pf4 Activation
pbx1 sox3 Unknown
pbx1 vcp Activation
pbx2 emx2 Activation
pbx2 fmo3 Unknown
pbx2 meis1 Unknown
pbx2 pf4 Activation
pbx2 ugt2b17 Unknown
pbx2 vcp Unknown
pcbd1 fxyd2 Repression
pcgf2 hoxa7 Activation
pcgf2 hoxa7 Repression
pcgf2 zeb1 Repression
pcgf2 zeb2 Repression
pdcd11 faslg Unknown
pdx1 gck Activation
pdx1 ins Activation
pdx1 ins Unknown
per1 bax Repression
per1 bcl2 Activation
per1 slc5a1 Repression
per2 snai2 Repression
per2 twist1 Repression
pgr abcg2 Unknown
pgr atp1b1 Unknown
pgr bcl2 Activation
pgr bcl2 Unknown
pgr ccnd1 Unknown
pgr cyp19a1 Repression
pgr dusp1 Activation
pgr e2f1 Activation
pgr egfr Unknown
pgr erbb2 Repression
pgr esr1 Activation
pgr foxp3 Repression
pgr hltf Activation
pgr igfbp1 Unknown
pgr il10 Repression
pgr irs2 Unknown
pgr klk3 Unknown
pgr klk4 Activation
pgr myc Unknown
pgr pld1 Unknown
pgr ptgs2 Repression
pgr rela Repression
pgr rln1 Unknown
pgr rln2 Unknown
pgr vegfa Unknown
pgr ywhaq Unknown
phb2 arnt Repression
phb2 btg2 Repression
phf10 casp3 Unknown
phf8 cdc20 Unknown
phox2a dbh Activation
phox2a dbh Unknown
phox2a tlx2 Activation
phox2b alk Activation
phox2b dbh Activation
phox2b dbh Unknown
phox2b msx1 Repression
phox2b phox2a Unknown
phox2b tlx2 Activation
phox2b tlx2 Unknown
pias1 cyp17a1 Unknown
pias1 fabp2 Activation
pias1 muc1 Repression
pias1 prmt1 Repression
pias1 si Activation
pias1 stat1 Unknown
pias2 ar Activation
pias2 lrrn3 Repression
pias2 muc1 Repression
pias2 mycn Repression
pias3 atf1 Activation
pias3 esr1 Unknown
pias3 muc1 Repression
pias3 stat3 Unknown
pias4 muc1 Repression
pias4 vdr Unknown
pir nfkb1 Unknown
pitx1 dux4 Unknown
pitx1 fshb Unknown
pitx1 gnrh1 Repression
pitx1 hes1 Repression
pitx1 ifna1 Repression
pitx1 irf2 Repression
pitx1 irf7 Repression
pitx1 jun Repression
pitx1 lhb Unknown
pitx1 nkx3_1 Repression
pitx1 prl Activation
pitx1 runx1 Repression
pitx1 runx2 Repression
pitx1 tbx4 Unknown
pitx1 tert Repression
pitx1 trib2 Repression
pitx2 abcb1 Unknown
pitx2 fgf16 Unknown
pitx2 fshb Unknown
pitx2 gnrh1 Repression
pitx2 lef1 Activation
pitx2 lhx6 Activation
pitx2 plod1 Unknown
pitx2 prl Activation
pitx2 slc13a3 Unknown
pitx2 wnt2 Unknown
pitx2 wnt5a Unknown
pitx3 mip Activation
pitx3 th Activation
pknox1 meis1 Unknown
pknox1 pf4 Unknown
pknox1 ptpn6 Activation
pknox1 syp Activation
plag1 abcc6 Activation
plag1 crlf1 Activation
plag1 igf2 Activation
plag1 igf2 Unknown
plag1 xrcc1 Unknown
plagl1 abcc6 Activation
plagl1 sdhb Repression
plagl2 igf2 Activation
plagl2 metap2 Activation
plagl2 ncf2 Activation
plagl2 sftpc Activation
pml bax Activation
pml casp3 Activation
pml ccnd1 Repression
pml ccnt1 Unknown
pml cdkn1a Activation
pml eaf2 Repression
pml egfr Repression
pml ep300 Activation
pml flt3 Activation
pml grip1 Activation
pml hck Unknown
pml hipk2 Activation
pml ifnb1 Activation
pml nr4a1 Repression
pml pml Activation
pml tnfaip3 Repression
pml tnfsf10 Activation
pml tp53 Unknown
pml uba7 Repression
polr1a e2f1 Repression
pou1f1 bdkrb1 Unknown
pou1f1 cga Unknown
pou1f1 gh1 Activation
pou1f1 gh1 Unknown
pou1f1 gh2 Activation
pou1f1 ghr Activation
pou1f1 insm1 Unknown
pou1f1 pou1f1 Activation
pou1f1 prl Activation
pou1f1 prl Unknown
pou1f1 ren Unknown
pou1f1 tshb Activation
pou1f1 tshb Unknown
pou1f1 vdr Activation
pou2af1 id2 Unknown
pou2af1 igh Activation
pou2af1 spib Unknown
pou2af1 tk1 Activation
pou2af1 tnfrsf17 Activation
pou2f1 ar Unknown
pou2f1 bdkrb1 Unknown
pou2f1 capn6 Unknown
pou2f1 ccnd1 Activation
pou2f1 cdx2 Unknown
pou2f1 gadd45a Activation
pou2f1 gadd45a Unknown
pou2f1 gata1 Unknown
pou2f1 gcm1 Unknown
pou2f1 gfi1b Unknown
pou2f1 gnrh1 Unknown
pou2f1 hbg1 Repression
pou2f1 hist2h2be Unknown
pou2f1 hpgds Unknown
pou2f1 id1 Unknown
pou2f1 il2 Activation
pou2f1 il2 Unknown
pou2f1 il2ra Unknown
pou2f1 il4 Repression
pou2f1 il5 Unknown
pou2f1 lct Activation
pou2f1 lgals4 Activation
pou2f1 mad2l1 Activation
pou2f1 plau Unknown
pou2f1 pou2af1 Unknown
pou2f1 ptgir Activation
pou2f1 rptor Unknown
pou2f1 rrm2b Unknown
pou2f1 sdc4 Unknown
pou2f1 snai2 Activation
pou2f1 snai2 Repression
pou2f1 snapc1 Unknown
pou2f1 spp1 Unknown
pou2f1 st6gal1 Unknown
pou2f1 tk1 Activation
pou2f1 tra Unknown
pou2f1 twist1 Activation
pou2f1 twist1 Repression
pou2f1 txnrd1 Unknown
pou2f1 ugt2b7 Activation
pou2f1 vcam1 Repression
pou2f1 vwf Activation
pou2f1 vwf Repression
pou2f2 hbb Unknown
pou2f2 hla_dob Unknown
pou2f2 hla_dra Unknown
pou2f2 id2 Unknown
pou2f2 il5 Unknown
pou2f2 spi1 Unknown
pou2f2 spib Unknown
pou2f2 spp1 Unknown
pou2f2 tk1 Activation
pou2f2 tra Unknown
pou2f3 sprr2a Unknown
pou3f1 gnrh1 Unknown
pou3f2 cdh13 Unknown
pou3f2 ddc Unknown
pou3f2 fabp7 Unknown
pou3f2 foxp2 Unknown
pou3f2 gnrh1 Activation
pou3f2 mitf Unknown
pou3f2 nkx2_1 Unknown
pou3f2 pax3 Unknown
pou3f2 pde5a Repression
pou3f4 gcg Unknown
pou4f1 hpse Unknown
pou4f1 hsp90aa1 Activation
pou4f2 ccnd1 Activation
pou4f2 hsp90aa1 Activation
pou5f1 bmp4 Repression
pou5f1 cdkn1a Repression
pou5f1 cdx2 Repression
pou5f1 ddc Unknown
pou5f1 dkk1 Repression
pou5f1 dlx5 Repression
pou5f1 eomes Repression
pou5f1 fgf4 Activation
pou5f1 gadd45a Unknown
pou5f1 gata6 Repression
pou5f1 hlx Repression
pou5f1 id2 Repression
pou5f1 itga6 Activation
pou5f1 l1td1 Unknown
pou5f1 lefty1 Activation
pou5f1 nanog Activation
pou5f1 nanog Unknown
pou5f1 sema6a Unknown
pou5f1 sox2 Activation
pou5f1 spp1 Activation
pou5f1 tbxt Repression
pou5f1 tbx18 Repression
pou5f1 tdgf1 Activation
pou5f1 thy1 Activation
pou5f1 zfp42 Activation
ppara acadl Unknown
ppara acox1 Unknown
ppara acsl1 Repression
ppara angptl4 Activation
ppara apoa4 Unknown
ppara apoa5 Unknown
ppara apob Activation
ppara apob Repression
ppara apobr Repression
ppara apoc3 Repression
ppara apoc3 Unknown
ppara cd36 Unknown
ppara cetp Activation
ppara cgb5 Unknown
ppara cpt1a Repression
ppara cyp1a1 Activation
ppara cyp2c9 Repression
ppara fabp4 Unknown
ppara g0s2 Unknown
ppara hmox1 Unknown
ppara igfbp1 Unknown
ppara il6 Unknown
ppara il6r Repression
ppara lpl Activation
ppara mlycd Unknown
ppara mmp9 Repression
ppara nfkbia Activation
ppara nfkbia Unknown
ppara pdk4 Activation
ppara plin2 Repression
ppara ptgs2 Activation
ppara serpine1 Activation
ppara serpine1 Unknown
ppara slc25a20 Unknown
ppara slc9a1 Unknown
ppara sod2 Unknown
ppara srebf2 Repression
ppara stat5a Unknown
ppara sult2a1 Unknown
ppara tuba1b Unknown
ppara txnip Repression
ppara ucp1 Repression
ppara ugt1a9 Activation
ppard ang Repression
ppard angptl4 Repression
ppard cat Activation
ppard hsd11b2 Repression
ppard lpl Activation
ppard pdk4 Activation
ppard sat1 Activation
ppard sod1 Activation
ppard timp1 Activation
ppard txn Activation
pparg abcg2 Activation
pparg acat1 Activation
pparg adipoq Activation
pparg adipoq Unknown
pparg ager Repression
pparg angptl4 Activation
pparg angptl4 Unknown
pparg apob Repression
pparg apobr Repression
pparg atp2a2 Unknown
pparg bad Activation
pparg bcl2 Activation
pparg bcl2 Repression
pparg bcl2l1 Repression
pparg brs3 Activation
pparg cat Unknown
pparg cav1 Unknown
pparg ccnd1 Repression
pparg ccne1 Repression
pparg cd36 Activation
pparg cd36 Unknown
pparg cd83 Activation
pparg cdkn1a Activation
pparg cebpa Unknown
pparg cflar Repression
pparg ciita Activation
pparg ciita Repression
pparg cldn2 Unknown
pparg cpt1b Activation
pparg csf1 Repression
pparg dbi Unknown
pparg defb103a Unknown
pparg egfr Repression
pparg ero1a Activation
pparg erp44 Activation
pparg erp44 Repression
pparg fabp4 Activation
pparg fabp4 Unknown
pparg faslg Activation
pparg fgf1 Unknown
pparg gdf15 Unknown
pparg gk Activation
pparg hmox1 Unknown
pparg icam1 Repression
pparg jag1 Unknown
pparg klf4 Unknown
pparg lipe Activation
pparg mmp1 Unknown
pparg mmp9 Repression
pparg myc Repression
pparg notch4 Unknown
pparg nr1h3 Unknown
pparg pdk2 Repression
pparg plin2 Activation
pparg plin2 Unknown
pparg pou2f1 Activation
pparg pten Activation
pparg ptgs2 Activation
pparg ptgs2 Repression
pparg ptgs2 Unknown
pparg rarb Activation
pparg ren Repression
pparg ren Unknown
pparg retn Activation
pparg retn Unknown
pparg sat1 Activation
pparg sat1 Unknown
pparg serpine1 Unknown
pparg slc2a4 Repression
pparg slc5a5 Activation
pparg slc9a1 Repression
pparg socs7 Unknown
pparg tg Repression
pparg tnfrsf11b Unknown
pparg tp53 Activation
pparg tshr Repression
pparg txnip Unknown
pparg ugt1a9 Activation
pparg vldlr Activation
ppargc1a aldob Activation
ppargc1a apoa5 Activation
ppargc1a apoc3 Activation
ppargc1a cyp2c9 Unknown
ppargc1a cyp7a1 Activation
ppargc1a mfn2 Activation
ppargc1a mlycd Unknown
ppargc1a otc Activation
ppargc1a pck2 Activation
prdm1 ciita Repression
prdm1 gcsam Repression
prdm1 lmo2 Repression
prdm1 mki67 Unknown
prdm1 myc Repression
prdm1 pcna Unknown
prdm14 pou5f1 Activation
prdm2 kmt5a Unknown
preb ccl2 Unknown
preb prl Unknown
prox1 akt2 Repression
prox1 ccne1 Activation
prox1 cdkn1b Activation
prox1 cdkn1c Activation
prox1 cyp7a1 Repression
prox1 ifng Repression
prox1 nr1i2 Repression
prox1 nr5a2 Repression
prox1 rgs4 Repression
prox1 six3 Activation
prox1 twist1 Repression
ptf1a cel Unknown
ptma cdkn1a Unknown
ptma ido1 Activation
ptma ido2 Activation
ptma tlr9 Repression
pttg1 ccnb1 Activation
pttg1 cdc42 Activation
pttg1 cdk1 Activation
pttg1 dock1 Activation
pttg1 fgf2 Unknown
pttg1 id3 Activation
pttg1 kdr Activation
pttg1 lgals1 Activation
pttg1 myc Activation
pttg1 myc Unknown
pttg1 pttg1ip Activation
pttg1 rac1 Activation
pttg1 rhoa Activation
pttg1 s100a4 Activation
pttg1 timp2 Repression
pttg1 vegfa Activation
pura ar Repression
pura erbb2 Unknown
pura fas Repression
pura pcna Repression
rad51 sp1 Activation
rara abcc3 Repression
rara anxa8 Repression
rara ccna1 Repression
rara cdkn1a Activation
rara crabp1 Activation
rara crh Activation
rara cxcr5 Activation
rara cyp1a1 Unknown
rara ets1 Unknown
rara fgfbp1 Activation
rara gnrh2 Unknown
rara hck Unknown
rara hnf4a Unknown
rara hsd17b2 Activation
rara hsd17b2 Unknown
rara icam1 Activation
rara macrod1 Repression
rara maob Unknown
rara muc5ac Repression
rara nr1i3 Activation
rara plau Unknown
rara prkca Activation
rara rarb Activation
rara rptor Unknown
rara scd Activation
rara sftpb Unknown
rara thbd Activation
rara thbd Unknown
rarb adh5 Unknown
rarb rarb Activation
rarb thbd Unknown
rarg bglap Activation
rarg cyp19a1 Unknown
rarg icam1 Activation
rarg rarb Unknown
rarg thbd Unknown
rb1 atf2 Unknown
rb1 birc5 Unknown
rb1 brca1 Repression
rb1 cdh1 Unknown
rb1 cdk1 Unknown
rb1 cdkn1a Activation
rb1 cdkn1a Repression
rb1 ddit3 Unknown
rb1 dhfr Repression
rb1 dnmt3a Repression
rb1 e2f1 Repression
rb1 e2f1 Unknown
rb1 e2f2 Repression
rb1 e2f3 Repression
rb1 ebna1bp2 Activation
rb1 elf1 Unknown
rb1 fgfr1 Repression
rb1 fos Repression
rb1 fos Unknown
rb1 hbp1 Unknown
rb1 igf1 Unknown
rb1 map3k5 Unknown
rb1 myc Repression
rb1 myc Unknown
rb1 pcna Repression
rb1 pparg Unknown
rb1 rb1 Repression
rb1 rbl1 Repression
rb1 sftpd Activation
rb1 sp1 Unknown
rb1 tfdp1 Repression
rb1 tgfbi Unknown
rb1 tp53bp2 Unknown
rb1 vegfa Activation
rb1 wrn Unknown
rb1cc1 cdkn2a Unknown
rb1cc1 rb1 Activation
rb1cc1 rb1 Unknown
rbbp7 cdh1 Repression
rbl1 brca1 Repression
rbl1 ccna2 Repression
rbl1 hist1h2ae Repression
rbl1 myc Unknown
rbl1 tfdp1 Repression
rbl2 brca1 Repression
rbl2 dnmt3b Repression
rbl2 e2f4 Unknown
rbl2 rad51 Repression
rbmx egr1 Repression
rbmx fos Repression
rbmx fosl1 Repression
rbmx junb Repression
rbmx jund Repression
rbmx kit Repression
rbmx ros1 Repression
rbmx txnip Activation
rbpj cr2 Unknown
rbpj il6 Activation
rbpj il6 Unknown
rbpj nfkb1 Unknown
rbpj pten Repression
rel bcl2a1 Activation
rel birc3 Activation
rel ccl2 Activation
rel ccl5 Unknown
rel cd40lg Unknown
rel cdkn1a Activation
rel crp Unknown
rel csrp1 Activation
rel ephb2 Repression
rel f3 Unknown
rel icam1 Unknown
rel ier3 Unknown
rel il10 Unknown
rel il12b Unknown
rel il1b Activation
rel il2 Unknown
rel il2ra Activation
rel il6 Repression
rel klk3 Unknown
rel sele Activation
rel sod2 Activation
rel tnfaip3 Activation
rela abca1 Repression
rela abcb1 Activation
rela abcb1 Unknown
rela abcg2 Activation
rela adora1 Activation
rela adora2a Unknown
rela adora3 Unknown
rela ager Activation
rela agt Unknown
rela akt1 Repression
rela akt2 Repression
rela alox5 Repression
rela alox5ap Unknown
rela amh Activation
rela ar Repression
rela ar Unknown
rela bace1 Repression
rela bad Activation
rela bax Repression
rela bax Unknown
rela bcl2 Activation
rela bcl2 Repression
rela bcl2 Unknown
rela bcl2a1 Activation
rela bcl2a1 Unknown
rela bcl2l1 Activation
rela bcl2l1 Repression
rela bcl2l1 Unknown
rela bcl2l11 Repression
rela bcl3 Activation
rela bdkrb1 Unknown
rela bgn Activation
rela bhmt Repression
rela birc2 Activation
rela birc2 Repression
rela birc2 Unknown
rela birc3 Activation
rela birc3 Repression
rela birc3 Unknown
rela birc5 Activation
rela birc5 Unknown
rela bmp2 Activation
rela brca2 Activation
rela btg2 Unknown
rela bts1 Unknown
rela card8 Unknown
rela carm1 Unknown
rela casp3 Unknown
rela casp9 Unknown
rela cck Unknown
rela ccl11 Activation
rela ccl11 Unknown
rela ccl13 Unknown
rela ccl19 Unknown
rela ccl2 Activation
rela ccl2 Unknown
rela ccl20 Activation
rela ccl20 Unknown
rela ccl22 Activation
rela ccl3 Activation
rela ccl3 Unknown
rela ccl4 Unknown
rela ccl5 Activation
rela ccl5 Unknown
rela ccnb1 Activation
rela ccnb1 Unknown
rela ccnd1 Activation
rela ccnd1 Repression
rela ccnd1 Unknown
rela ccnd2 Activation
rela ccr2 Activation
rela ccr3 Activation
rela ccr5 Unknown
rela ccr7 Activation
rela ccr7 Unknown
rela cd28 Unknown
rela cd38 Unknown
rela cd40 Activation
rela cd40 Unknown
rela cd40lg Unknown
rela cd58 Activation
rela cd69 Unknown
rela cd74 Unknown
rela cd80 Activation
rela cd83 Activation
rela cd86 Activation
rela cd86 Unknown
rela cdh1 Activation
rela cdk4 Activation
rela cdk6 Activation
rela cdkn1a Activation
rela cdkn1a Repression
rela ceacam1 Activation
rela cfi Activation
rela cflar Activation
rela cflar Repression
rela cflar Unknown
rela cftr Activation
rela col1a1 Unknown
rela col1a2 Repression
rela col2a1 Repression
rela col7a1 Unknown
rela cox1 Unknown
rela cr2 Unknown
rela creb3 Unknown
rela crhr1 Activation
rela crp Activation
rela crp Unknown
rela csf1 Activation
rela csf1 Unknown
rela csf2 Unknown
rela csnk2a1 Unknown
rela ctsb Activation
rela cxcl1 Activation
rela cxcl1 Unknown
rela cxcl10 Activation
rela cxcl10 Unknown
rela cxcl12 Activation
rela cxcl2 Unknown
rela cxcl5 Unknown
rela cxcl8 Activation
rela cxcl8 Repression
rela cxcl8 Unknown
rela cxcr2 Activation
rela cxcr2 Unknown
rela cxcr4 Activation
rela cxcr4 Unknown
rela cyp19a1 Repression
rela cyp1a1 Unknown
rela cyp27b1 Unknown
rela cyp2e1 Unknown
rela cyp3a4 Unknown
rela cyp3a7 Unknown
rela defb4a Unknown
rela drd2 Unknown
rela e2f1 Unknown
rela ebi3 Activation
rela edn1 Unknown
rela egfr Activation
rela egr1 Repression
rela elf3 Unknown
rela epas1 Activation
rela epcam Repression
rela erap1 Unknown
rela erap2 Unknown
rela f3 Unknown
rela f8 Unknown
rela faf1 Activation
rela fas Activation
rela fas Repression
rela fas Unknown
rela faslg Activation
rela faslg Unknown
rela fbp1 Unknown
rela fgf7 Unknown
rela fgf8 Activation
rela vegfd Activation
rela flt4 Activation
rela fn1 Activation
rela fn1 Unknown
rela foxo3 Unknown
rela foxp3 Activation
rela foxp3 Unknown
rela gadd45g Unknown
rela gata3 Activation
rela gclc Unknown
rela gfap Activation
rela gfap Unknown
rela gkn2 Repression
rela gnrh2 Repression
rela grin1 Unknown
rela gsk3a Unknown
rela gstp1 Activation
rela gtf2b Activation
rela hbegf Activation
rela hdac1 Unknown
rela hdac7 Unknown
rela hes1 Unknown
rela hif1a Unknown
rela hla_a Activation
rela hla_f Unknown
rela hmox1 Unknown
rela hpse Activation
rela hsd11b2 Activation
rela hyal1 Activation
rela icam1 Activation
rela icam1 Unknown
rela ier3 Unknown
rela ifna1 Activation
rela ifna1 Unknown
rela ifnb1 Activation
rela ifnb1 Unknown
rela ifng Activation
rela ifng Unknown
rela igf2bp2 Unknown
rela il10 Activation
rela il12a Activation
rela il12b Activation
rela il12b Unknown
rela il17a Unknown
rela il17c Activation
rela il18 Activation
rela il18 Unknown
rela il1a Repression
rela il1b Activation
rela il1b Unknown
rela il1rn Activation
rela il2 Activation
rela il2 Unknown
rela il23a Activation
rela il23a Unknown
rela il2ra Unknown
rela il4 Unknown
rela il6 Activation
rela il6 Repression
rela il6 Unknown
rela irf1 Activation
rela irf1 Unknown
rela irf4 Activation
rela irf7 Activation
rela irf7 Unknown
rela itgax Unknown
rela junb Activation
rela kdm2a Unknown
rela klk3 Repression
rela lcn2 Activation
rela lcn2 Unknown
rela lipe Activation
rela lpl Activation
rela ltc4s Repression
rela madcam1 Unknown
rela mat2a Activation
rela mcl1 Activation
rela mcl1 Repression
rela mcl1 Unknown
rela mgmt Unknown
rela mica Unknown
rela mif Unknown
rela mmp1 Activation
rela mmp1 Unknown
rela mmp12 Activation
rela mmp13 Activation
rela mmp14 Activation
rela mmp2 Activation
rela mmp3 Unknown
rela mmp9 Activation
rela mmp9 Repression
rela mmp9 Unknown
rela muc17 Unknown
rela muc2 Activation
rela muc5ac Unknown
rela muc5b Unknown
rela muc6 Unknown
rela myc Activation
rela myc Repression
rela myc Unknown
rela nampt Activation
rela ncam1 Activation
rela ncor1 Unknown
rela ncor2 Unknown
rela nfkb1 Activation
rela nfkb1 Unknown
rela nfkbia Activation
rela nfkbia Repression
rela nfkbia Unknown
rela nfkbiz Unknown
rela nlrp2 Activation
rela nolc1 Activation
rela nos1 Activation
rela nos2 Activation
rela nos2 Unknown
rela nos3 Activation
rela nox4 Activation
rela nox5 Activation
rela nppb Unknown
rela nrf1 Unknown
rela olfm4 Unknown
rela olr1 Unknown
rela optn Activation
rela oxtr Activation
rela pck2 Repression
rela pcyt2 Unknown
rela pdk4 Repression
rela pgr Repression
rela pigr Unknown
rela pla2g2a Unknown
rela plau Activation
rela plaur Activation
rela plaur Unknown
rela plin1 Activation
rela pou2f2 Unknown
rela ppara Unknown
rela ppard Repression
rela ppig Unknown
rela prox1 Activation
rela psmb10 Unknown
rela psmb9 Unknown
rela ptafr Activation
rela pten Activation
rela pten Repression
rela ptger4 Unknown
rela ptges Activation
rela ptgfr Unknown
rela ptgs2 Activation
rela ptgs2 Repression
rela ptgs2 Unknown
rela pthlh Activation
rela ptpn13 Unknown
rela ptpn6 Unknown
rela reps2 Repression
rela rgs4 Activation
rela ripk2 Activation
rela s100a6 Activation
rela saa1 Unknown
rela saa2 Activation
rela sdc1 Activation
rela sele Activation
rela sele Unknown
rela serpina3 Repression
rela serpinb1 Activation
rela serpine1 Activation
rela serpine1 Repression
rela sftpa1 Unknown
rela sirt1 Activation
rela slc25a27 Activation
rela slc9a2 Unknown
rela snai1 Activation
rela snai1 Unknown
rela socs3 Unknown
rela sod2 Activation
rela sod2 Unknown
rela stat1 Unknown
rela stat3 Unknown
rela stat4 Unknown
rela stk39 Activation
rela tap1 Unknown
rela tap2 Unknown
rela tapbp Unknown
rela tbp Activation
rela tbp Unknown
rela tbx21 Activation
rela tert Unknown
rela tf Activation
rela tf Unknown
rela tff1 Activation
rela tff3 Activation
rela tff3 Unknown
rela thbd Repression
rela timp1 Repression
rela tlr2 Activation
rela tlr3 Activation
rela tlr3 Repression
rela tlr7 Activation
rela tlr9 Unknown
rela tnc Activation
rela tnc Unknown
rela tnf Activation
rela tnf Unknown
rela tnfaip3 Activation
rela tnfaip3 Unknown
rela tnfrsf10a Unknown
rela tnfrsf10b Activation
rela tnfrsf10b Unknown
rela tnfrsf13c Activation
rela tnfrsf9 Unknown
rela tnfsf10 Activation
rela tnfsf10 Repression
rela tnfsf10 Unknown
rela tnfsf14 Unknown
rela tnip3 Unknown
rela tp53 Unknown
rela traf1 Activation
rela traf1 Unknown
rela traf2 Activation
rela traf2 Repression
rela traf2 Unknown
rela trib3 Repression
rela trim21 Unknown
rela trpc1 Unknown
rela tslp Unknown
rela twist1 Activation
rela upp1 Activation
rela vcam1 Activation
rela vcam1 Unknown
rela vegfa Activation
rela vegfa Repression
rela vegfa Unknown
rela vwf Unknown
rela wt1 Unknown
rela xiap Activation
rela xiap Repression
rela xiap Unknown
rela yy1 Repression
rela yy1 Unknown
relb ccl19 Activation
relb ccl21 Activation
relb cd40 Unknown
relb pigr Activation
rest ar Unknown
rest avp Activation
rest bdnf Repression
rest cacna1h Unknown
rest cartpt Repression
rest cd59 Repression
rest chga Unknown
rest chgb Unknown
rest dgcr5 Repression
rest dyrk1a Unknown
rest gabrb3 Unknown
rest gjd2 Repression
rest glra1 Activation
rest grin1 Repression
rest grin1 Unknown
rest kcnn4 Repression
rest kcnq2 Repression
rest kcnq3 Repression
rest lin28a Repression
rest nrp1 Repression
rest oprm1 Repression
rest pcsk1 Unknown
rest penk Repression
rest scg3 Unknown
rest stat1 Repression
rest syn1 Unknown
rest tac1 Repression
rest tac3 Unknown
rest th Activation
rest th Repression
rest tph2 Activation
rest tubb3 Repression
rest tubb3 Unknown
rest vgf Unknown
rest vip Unknown
rfwd2 mmp1 Repression
rfwd2 plau Repression
rfwd2 cop1 Repression
rfx1 cd70 Unknown
rfx1 ciita Unknown
rfx1 col1a2 Activation
rfx1 fgf1 Unknown
rfx1 hdac1 Unknown
rfx1 hla_dmb Unknown
rfx1 hla_dob Unknown
rfx1 hla_dpb1 Unknown
rfx1 hla_dra Unknown
rfx1 il5ra Unknown
rfx1 itgal Unknown
rfx1 map1a Repression
rfx1 msln Unknown
rfx1 myc Repression
rfx1 pcna Repression
rfx2 fgf1 Unknown
rfx2 il5ra Unknown
rfx3 fgf1 Unknown
rfx3 il5ra Unknown
rfx3 map1a Repression
rfx5 col1a2 Repression
rfx5 hdac2 Unknown
rfx5 hla_dma Unknown
rfx5 hla_dmb Unknown
rfx5 hla_doa Unknown
rfx5 hla_dob Unknown
rfx5 hla_dpa1 Unknown
rfx5 hla_dpb1 Unknown
rfx5 hla_dqa1 Unknown
rfx5 hla_dqa2 Unknown
rfx5 hla_dqb1 Unknown
rfx5 hla_dqb2 Unknown
rfx5 hla_dra Unknown
rfx5 hla_drb1 Unknown
rfx5 hla_drb3 Unknown
rfx5 hla_drb4 Unknown
rfx5 hla_drb5 Unknown
rfx5 ifng Unknown
rfxank hla_dma Unknown
rfxank hla_dmb Unknown
rfxank hla_doa Unknown
rfxank hla_dob Unknown
rfxank hla_dpa1 Unknown
rfxank hla_dpb1 Unknown
rfxank hla_dqa1 Unknown
rfxank hla_dqa2 Unknown
rfxank hla_dqb1 Unknown
rfxank hla_dqb2 Unknown
rfxank hla_dra Unknown
rfxank hla_drb1 Unknown
rfxank hla_drb3 Unknown
rfxank hla_drb4 Unknown
rfxank hla_drb5 Unknown
rfxap hla_dma Unknown
rfxap hla_dmb Unknown
rfxap hla_doa Unknown
rfxap hla_dob Unknown
rfxap hla_dpa1 Unknown
rfxap hla_dpb1 Unknown
rfxap hla_dqa1 Unknown
rfxap hla_dqa2 Unknown
rfxap hla_dqb1 Unknown
rfxap hla_dqb2 Unknown
rfxap hla_dra Unknown
rfxap hla_drb1 Unknown
rfxap hla_drb3 Unknown
rfxap hla_drb4 Unknown
rfxap hla_drb5 Unknown
rnf14 ccnd1 Activation
rora apoa5 Unknown
rora e2f1 Unknown
rora npsr1 Repression
rora nr1d1 Activation
rora tuba1b Unknown
rorc il17a Unknown
rorc il22 Unknown
rreb1 klk3 Repression
rreb1 slc39a3 Unknown
runx1 alox12 Unknown
runx1 baalc Activation
runx1 bpi Unknown
runx1 ccl3 Activation
runx1 ccnd2 Unknown
runx1 cd34 Activation
runx1 cd6 Unknown
runx1 csf1 Unknown
runx1 csf1r Unknown
runx1 csf2 Unknown
runx1 elane Unknown
runx1 fhl2 Unknown
runx1 gp1ba Activation
runx1 il2 Activation
runx1 il3 Repression
runx1 itga2b Activation
runx1 itgb2 Unknown
runx1 jun Activation
runx1 klf4 Unknown
runx1 klk3 Unknown
runx1 lgals3 Activation
runx1 mad2l1 Repression
runx1 mecom Activation
runx1 mir27a Unknown
runx1 mpl Unknown
runx1 mpo Unknown
runx1 myh10 Repression
runx1 myl9 Unknown
runx1 ncam1 Activation
runx1 nf1 Repression
runx1 nfkb1 Unknown
runx1 pf4 Activation
runx1 pf4 Repression
runx1 pf4 Unknown
runx1 pik3cd Unknown
runx1 prkcq Unknown
runx1 rela Unknown
runx1 slc22a4 Unknown
runx1 spi1 Activation
runx1 sympk Repression
runx1 timp1 Unknown
runx1 vegfa Repression
runx1t1 il3 Unknown
runx2 ar Unknown
runx2 elane Activation
runx2 esr1 Unknown
runx2 ibsp Activation
runx2 ibsp Repression
runx2 ibsp Unknown
runx2 ihh Unknown
runx2 klk3 Unknown
runx2 lgals3 Activation
runx2 lrp5 Unknown
runx2 mmp13 Activation
runx2 mmp2 Activation
runx2 pip Unknown
runx2 plau Unknown
runx2 pth Unknown
runx2 snai2 Activation
runx2 snai3 Activation
runx2 sp7 Unknown
runx2 twist1 Activation
runx2 vegfa Activation
runx2 vegfc Activation
runx3 capn10 Activation
runx3 casp2 Activation
runx3 casp3 Activation
runx3 casp7 Activation
runx3 casp8 Activation
runx3 ccnd1 Repression
runx3 cd36 Repression
runx3 cd6 Unknown
runx3 cdkn1a Activation
runx3 cdkn1a Unknown
runx3 cflar Repression
runx3 cldn7 Activation
runx3 clec4g Activation
runx3 dnase1 Activation
runx3 fadd Activation
runx3 hes1 Repression
runx3 hspd1 Repression
runx3 icam3 Repression
runx3 ing1 Activation
runx3 ing4 Activation
runx3 jag1 Repression
runx3 mmp9 Repression
runx3 myc Repression
runx3 pea15 Repression
runx3 runx1 Repression
runx3 runx1 Unknown
runx3 tcf4 Activation
runx3 tial1 Repression
runx3 timp1 Activation
runx3 traf6 Activation
runx3 txn2 Repression
runx3 wnt4 Repression
ruvbl1 tp53 Repression
rxra abca1 Activation
rxra abcb11 Unknown
rxra abcc3 Repression
rxra cgb5 Unknown
rxra cpt1b Activation
rxra cxcr5 Activation
rxra cyp3a4 Unknown
rxra cyp7a1 Unknown
rxra gnrh2 Unknown
rxra hnf1a Unknown
rxra hnf4a Unknown
rxra hsd17b2 Activation
rxra hsd17b2 Unknown
rxra il2ra Activation
rxra il2rb Activation
rxra il2rg Activation
rxra nol7 Activation
rxra pld1 Unknown
rxra serpinc1 Activation
rxra thbd Unknown
rxra tlr10 Unknown
sall3 dnmt3a Unknown
sall3 hdac9 Repression
sall4 abca3 Activation
sall4 cdh1 Repression
sall4 hoxa9 Activation
sall4 pou5f1 Unknown
sall4 pten Repression
sall4 sall4 Unknown
sall4 zeb1 Activation
sall4a abca3 Activation
sall4a abcg2 Unknown
satb1 bcl2 Activation
satb1 bcl2 Unknown
satb1 cd8b Unknown
satb1 cdk4 Activation
satb1 cr2 Unknown
satb1 cybb Repression
satb1 gata3 Activation
satb1 hbe1 Activation
satb1 hdac1 Unknown
satb1 il2 Unknown
satb1 il2ra Unknown
satb1 il4 Activation
satb1 il5 Repression
satb1 mki67 Activation
satb1 sparc Activation
satb1 spi1 Activation
satb2 tp63 Repression
satb2 upf3b Activation
scand1 znf202 Unknown
scd5 egr2 Unknown
sec14l2 psmb9 Unknown
sertad1 set Activation
setbp1 ptpa Repression
setbp1 ptger2 Repression
setbp1 ptgs2 Repression
sf1 amh Activation
sf1 amh Unknown
sf1 cyp11a1 Activation
sf1 hsd3b2 Unknown
sf1 lhb Unknown
sf1 mc2r Activation
sf1 nr0b1 Unknown
sf1 sf3b1 Unknown
sf1 sox9 Unknown
sf1 star Unknown
sf1 sult2a1 Activation
sf1 sult2a1 Unknown
sf1 tcerg1 Repression
sf1 u2af2 Unknown
sfpq adarb2 Repression
sfpq cxcl8 Repression
sfpq dnaaf4 Unknown
sfpq neat1 Unknown
sfpq stat6 Repression
sfpq th Unknown
shox acan Unknown
shox fgfr3 Activation
shox nppb Activation
shox nppb Unknown
shox2 acan Unknown
shox2 nppb Unknown
sim2 bcl2 Repression
sim2 casp3 Activation
sim2 prkn Unknown
sin3a e2f1 Repression
sin3a klk3 Repression
sirt1 abcb1 Activation
sirt1 acan Activation
sirt1 adamts5 Repression
sirt1 bcl11a Repression
sirt1 ccar2 Repression
sirt1 ccnd1 Repression
sirt1 cdh1 Repression
sirt1 cdkn1a Repression
sirt1 cfh Repression
sirt1 cflar Activation
sirt1 col10a1 Repression
sirt1 col1a2 Repression
sirt1 ctnnb1 Repression
sirt1 dll4 Repression
sirt1 egln1 Repression
sirt1 esrrg Activation
sirt1 ezh2 Repression
sirt1 foxo3 Repression
sirt1 foxp3 Unknown
sirt1 hbe1 Repression
sirt1 hic1 Unknown
sirt1 hif1a Activation
sirt1 hsf1 Activation
sirt1 hsf1 Unknown
sirt1 hspa4 Unknown
sirt1 hyou1 Activation
sirt1 icam1 Repression
sirt1 il1b Unknown
sirt1 lin28a Unknown
sirt1 mcl1 Activation
sirt1 mmp9 Repression
sirt1 myc Repression
sirt1 nbn Activation
sirt1 ndrg1 Unknown
sirt1 notch1 Repression
sirt1 nqo1 Repression
sirt1 pax6 Repression
sirt1 per1 Activation
sirt1 pparg Repression
sirt1 sele Unknown
sirt1 shc1 Unknown
sirt1 tbx3 Repression
sirt1 tert Unknown
sirt1 tnf Unknown
sirt1 tnfrsf10b Repression
sirt1 tp53 Activation
sirt1 tp53 Repression
sirt1 tp73 Unknown
sirt1 wrn Repression
sirt1 xpc Repression
sirt2 afp Activation
sirt2 cdkn1a Repression
sirt2 nedd4 Repression
sirt3 foxo3 Unknown
six1 cdh1 Repression
six1 vegfc Activation
ski fhl2 Activation
ski mdm2 Activation
skil adam12 Repression
skil smad7 Repression
sla2 cd69 Unknown
slc2a4rg slc2a4 Activation
smad1 cxcl2 Unknown
smad1 ibsp Unknown
smad1 tnfrsf11b Unknown
smad2 ahr Unknown
smad2 bcl2 Unknown
smad2 cdkn1a Unknown
smad2 gli1 Unknown
smad2 nkx2_1 Unknown
smad3 ahr Unknown
smad3 angptl4 Activation
smad3 apoc3 Activation
smad3 bambi Activation
smad3 bglap Unknown
smad3 ccnd2 Activation
smad3 cdkn1a Activation
smad3 cdkn1a Unknown
smad3 col7a1 Unknown
smad3 cyp17a1 Repression
smad3 cyp7a1 Repression
smad3 epo Unknown
smad3 foxa2 Unknown
smad3 foxp3 Activation
smad3 fst Activation
smad3 fstl3 Unknown
smad3 gli2 Unknown
smad3 jun Unknown
smad3 ltbp4 Unknown
smad3 mmp9 Repression
smad3 mxd1 Unknown
smad3 myc Unknown
smad3 por Unknown
smad3 pthlh Activation
smad3 serpine1 Activation
smad3 serpine1 Unknown
smad3 smad7 Repression
smad3 smad7 Unknown
smad3 tert Repression
smad3 tert Unknown
smad3 tgfb1 Repression
smad3 tnc Activation
smad3 vdr Activation
smad3 vegfa Unknown
smad3 zfp36 Unknown
smad4 ahr Unknown
smad4 apoc3 Activation
smad4 bambi Activation
smad4 bcl2 Unknown
smad4 bglap Unknown
smad4 btrc Repression
smad4 cdkn1a Activation
smad4 cdkn2b Unknown
smad4 col7a1 Unknown
smad4 dach1 Repression
smad4 epo Unknown
smad4 fbxo32 Unknown
smad4 fstl3 Unknown
smad4 gli1 Unknown
smad4 hp Unknown
smad4 jun Unknown
smad4 myc Unknown
smad4 por Unknown
smad4 runx1t1 Activation
smad4 serpine1 Activation
smad4 skil Unknown
smad4 smad7 Unknown
smad4 tgfb1 Unknown
smad4 tnc Activation
smad4 ucp2 Unknown
smad4 zfp36 Unknown
smad7 cdk1 Repression
smad7 cdkn1a Repression
smad7 cdkn2b Repression
smad7 hmox1 Unknown
smad7 krt14 Repression
smad7 met Activation
smad7 myc Activation
smad7 tgfb1 Activation
smad7 tgfbr1 Repression
smarca1 cd44 Repression
smarca1 cdkn2a Activation
smarca4 abcg2 Activation
smarca4 cad Unknown
smarca4 ccnd1 Repression
smarca4 cd44 Repression
smarca4 cdh1 Activation
smarca4 cdkn1a Activation
smarca4 cdkn2a Activation
smarca4 fos Repression
smarca4 mecom Activation
smarcb1 cd44 Repression
smarcb1 cdkn2a Activation
smg6 upf1 Unknown
smurf2 klf5 Repression
snai1 cdh1 Repression
snai1 cdh1 Unknown
snai1 cdh2 Unknown
snai1 cldn3 Repression
snai1 cxadr Repression
snai1 fn1 Unknown
snai1 hbegf Activation
snai1 pebp1 Repression
snai1 snai1 Unknown
snai1 thbs1 Repression
snai1 vdr Repression
snai2 cd44 Activation
snai2 cdh1 Repression
snai2 cdh1 Unknown
snai2 cdh2 Unknown
snai2 cxadr Repression
snai2 cxcl12 Activation
snai2 cxcr4 Activation
snai2 hpgd Repression
snai2 jag1 Activation
snai2 lpar2 Repression
snai2 mmp17 Unknown
snai2 mmp9 Activation
snai2 pou5f1 Activation
snai2 ube2d3 Repression
snai2 vdr Repression
snd1 agtr1 Activation
snip1 ccnd1 Unknown
snip1 myc Unknown
snw1 hes1 Unknown
snw1 rarb Unknown
snw1 vdr Unknown
sox10 col11a2 Activation
sox10 ednrb Unknown
sox10 gjb1 Activation
sox10 gjb1 Repression
sox10 gjb1 Unknown
sox10 gjc2 Unknown
sox10 mbp Unknown
sox10 mia Activation
sox10 mitf Activation
sox10 mitf Repression
sox10 mitf Unknown
sox10 mpz Unknown
sox10 nes Unknown
sox10 pmp22 Unknown
sox10 ret Activation
sox10 ret Unknown
sox11 spast Activation
sox11 tubb3 Unknown
sox17 csnk1a1 Repression
sox17 fn1 Repression
sox17 hnf4a Activation
sox17 macc1 Repression
sox17 nfat5 Repression
sox17 serbp1 Repression
sox2 abcc3 Activation
sox2 abcc6 Activation
sox2 asxl1 Activation
sox2 bmp4 Repression
sox2 ccnd1 Unknown
sox2 dkk1 Activation
sox2 fgf4 Activation
sox2 isl1 Repression
sox2 itga6 Activation
sox2 l1td1 Unknown
sox2 lhx3 Activation
sox2 mki67 Repression
sox2 mmp3 Activation
sox2 ntrk3 Activation
sox2 pax6 Activation
sox2 pax6 Repression
sox2 pga5 Activation
sox2 plac1 Repression
sox2 pou4f2 Repression
sox2 rho Repression
sox2 sema6a Unknown
sox2 tubb3 Repression
sox2 vim Activation
sox4 ago_01 Unknown
sox4 axin2 Unknown
sox4 dhx9 Unknown
sox4 dicer1 Unknown
sox4 hdac8 Activation
sox4 kmt2a Unknown
sox4 ncam1 Activation
sox4 nkx3_1 Unknown
sox5 spag6 Unknown
sox6 ccna2 Repression
sox6 ccnd1 Repression
sox6 cdk4 Repression
sox6 cdkn1a Activation
sox6 ctnnb1 Repression
sox6 tp53 Activation
sox9 amh Activation
sox9 amh Unknown
sox9 ar Activation
sox9 best1 Activation
sox9 cdk4 Activation
sox9 cdk4 Repression
sox9 cdkn1a Activation
sox9 cdkn1a Repression
sox9 ceacam1 Unknown
sox9 col11a2 Activation
sox9 col2a1 Activation
sox9 col2a1 Repression
sox9 col2a1 Unknown
sox9 dcc Activation
sox9 dct Unknown
sox9 hes1 Activation
sox9 klf4 Unknown
sox9 mia Activation
sox9 mitf Unknown
sox9 nes Unknown
sox9 nr5a1 Activation
sox9 nr5a1 Unknown
sox9 pou3f2 Repression
sox9 prame Repression
sox9 rxfp2 Activation
sox9 sf1 Unknown
sox9 shh Unknown
sox9 sox10 Repression
sox9 tyr Unknown
sp1 abca1 Activation
sp1 abca1 Unknown
sp1 abcb1 Activation
sp1 abcb1 Unknown
sp1 abcb8 Activation
sp1 abcc1 Repression
sp1 abcc3 Activation
sp1 abcc3 Unknown
sp1 abcg2 Unknown
sp1 acan Unknown
sp1 aco1 Unknown
sp1 acvrl1 Unknown
sp1 ada Unknown
sp1 adam10 Activation
sp1 adam17 Activation
sp1 adam17 Unknown
sp1 adam23 Activation
sp1 adh6 Unknown
sp1 adipoq Activation
sp1 adra1a Unknown
sp1 adra2b Activation
sp1 adrb3 Unknown
sp1 grk2 Activation
sp1 agt Unknown
sp1 agtr1 Activation
sp1 agtr1 Repression
sp1 agtr1 Unknown
sp1 ahr Repression
sp1 alox12 Activation
sp1 alox12 Unknown
sp1 alox15b Unknown
sp1 alox5 Activation
sp1 alox5 Unknown
sp1 amacr Unknown
sp1 apaf1 Unknown
sp1 apex1 Repression
sp1 apex1 Unknown
sp1 aplnr Activation
sp1 apoa1 Unknown
sp1 apoc3 Unknown
sp1 apoe Unknown
sp1 app Activation
sp1 app Unknown
sp1 ar Activation
sp1 ar Unknown
sp1 areg Unknown
sp1 arf6 Activation
sp1 aspn Unknown
sp1 atf2 Unknown
sp1 atm Unknown
sp1 atp2a2 Activation
sp1 atp2a2 Unknown
sp1 atp2a3 Activation
sp1 atp2c1 Activation
sp1 b4galt1 Activation
sp1 b4galt5 Activation
sp1 bace1 Activation
sp1 bace1 Unknown
sp1 bace2 Unknown
sp1 bag2 Unknown
sp1 bax Unknown
sp1 bcl2 Unknown
sp1 bdkrb1 Unknown
sp1 birc5 Unknown
sp1 blmh Activation
sp1 brca1 Unknown
sp1 brd7 Activation
sp1 brd7 Unknown
sp1 bsg Activation
sp1 btk Unknown
sp1 bts1 Unknown
sp1 c1qbp Unknown
sp1 c4a Unknown
sp1 c4b Unknown
sp1 ca9 Activation
sp1 ca9 Unknown
sp1 casp3 Unknown
sp1 cat Unknown
sp1 cav1 Unknown
sp1 cbfb Unknown
sp1 cbs Unknown
sp1 cck Unknown
sp1 ccl2 Activation
sp1 ccl2 Unknown
sp1 ccl5 Unknown
sp1 ccna2 Repression
sp1 ccnd1 Activation
sp1 ccnd1 Unknown
sp1 ccnd2 Activation
sp1 ccnd2 Unknown
sp1 prom1 Unknown
sp1 cd14 Activation
sp1 cd14 Unknown
sp1 cd151 Activation
sp1 cd163 Unknown
sp1 cd1d Activation
sp1 cd28 Unknown
sp1 cd2ap Activation
sp1 cd44 Activation
sp1 cd83 Unknown
sp1 adgre5 Activation
sp1 cd99 Activation
sp1 cdc42bpg Unknown
sp1 cdh2 Unknown
sp1 cdh3 Unknown
sp1 cdk4 Activation
sp1 cdk6 Repression
sp1 cdkn1a Activation
sp1 cdkn1a Repression
sp1 cdkn1a Unknown
sp1 cdkn1b Activation
sp1 cdkn1b Unknown
sp1 cdkn2a Activation
sp1 cdkn2a Unknown
sp1 cdkn2b Unknown
sp1 cenph Activation
sp1 cenpw Unknown
sp1 cers2 Activation
sp1 ces1 Unknown
sp1 cetp Repression
sp1 cetp Unknown
sp1 cftr Unknown
sp1 chga Unknown
sp1 chi3l1 Unknown
sp1 chrnb4 Unknown
sp1 chst4 Activation
sp1 cic Unknown
sp1 cldn3 Activation
sp1 col11a2 Activation
sp1 col18a1 Unknown
sp1 col1a1 Unknown
sp1 col2a1 Activation
sp1 col2a1 Repression
sp1 col7a1 Unknown
sp1 comp Unknown
sp1 creb1 Unknown
sp1 crem Activation
sp1 crmp1 Unknown
sp1 csnk2a1 Unknown
sp1 ctgf Activation
sp1 ctsb Unknown
sp1 ctsl Activation
sp1 cxadr Unknown
sp1 cxcl1 Unknown
sp1 cxcl14 Activation
sp1 cxcl5 Activation
sp1 cyp17a1 Unknown
sp1 cyp19a1 Unknown
sp1 cyp1b1 Activation
sp1 cyp27a1 Activation
sp1 cyp2f1 Unknown
sp1 cyp3a4 Unknown
sp1 cyp3a5 Unknown
sp1 cyp3a7 Unknown
sp1 cyp7a1 Unknown
sp1 cyp7b1 Unknown
sp1 dbf4 Activation
sp1 dck Unknown
sp1 ddb1 Unknown
sp1 ddb2 Unknown
sp1 dhcr24 Activation
sp1 dmrt1 Unknown
sp1 dnase2 Activation
sp1 dnmt1 Activation
sp1 dnmt1 Repression
sp1 dnmt1 Unknown
sp1 dnmt3a Activation
sp1 dnmt3b Activation
sp1 dpysl2 Unknown
sp1 drg2 Unknown
sp1 e2f1 Unknown
sp1 eapp Activation
sp1 ednrb Activation
sp1 ednrb Unknown
sp1 egf Unknown
sp1 egfr Repression
sp1 egfr Unknown
sp1 egr1 Activation
sp1 egr1 Unknown
sp1 elf4 Activation
sp1 elmo3 Activation
sp1 eng Activation
sp1 epo Activation
sp1 epor Repression
sp1 epor Unknown
sp1 erbb2 Activation
sp1 ervw_1 Activation
sp1 esr1 Unknown
sp1 ezr Activation
sp1 f10 Unknown
sp1 f2r Unknown
sp1 f3 Unknown
sp1 f7 Unknown
sp1 fabp6 Unknown
sp1 fas Activation
sp1 fas Unknown
sp1 faslg Activation
sp1 faslg Unknown
sp1 fbln1 Unknown
sp1 fbn1 Unknown
sp1 fbp1 Unknown
sp1 fes Unknown
sp1 fgfbp1 Unknown
sp1 fgfr1 Unknown
sp1 fgfr3 Unknown
sp1 fgl2 Unknown
sp1 fmr1 Activation
sp1 fmr1 Unknown
sp1 folr1 Unknown
sp1 fos Unknown
sp1 foxm1 Activation
sp1 fpgs Unknown
sp1 fut4 Unknown
sp1 fxr2 Activation
sp1 gast Activation
sp1 gast Unknown
sp1 gata3 Unknown
sp1 gclc Activation
sp1 gda Unknown
sp1 gdf5 Unknown
sp1 gfer Activation
sp1 gh2 Unknown
sp1 gipr Unknown
sp1 gja1 Activation
sp1 gm2a Unknown
sp1 gpr39 Unknown
sp1 grin1 Unknown
sp1 gspt1 Unknown
sp1 gstp1 Activation
sp1 has2 Repression
sp1 hbegf Activation
sp1 hbz Unknown
sp1 hcn2 Activation
sp1 hcn4 Activation
sp1 hdac4 Activation
sp1 hgf Activation
sp1 hist2h4a Activation
sp1 hla_g Unknown
sp1 hmga1 Activation
sp1 hmga1 Unknown
sp1 hmga2 Unknown
sp1 hnf4a Unknown
sp1 hoxb7 Unknown
sp1 hpr Activation
sp1 hras Activation
sp1 hras Unknown
sp1 hsd11b2 Unknown
sp1 hsd17b1 Activation
sp1 hsd17b11 Activation
sp1 hsd17b2 Activation
sp1 hsd17b2 Repression
sp1 hsd3b1 Activation
sp1 htr1a Unknown
sp1 htt Activation
sp1 hyal1 Repression
sp1 icam1 Unknown
sp1 id4 Repression
sp1 ifngr1 Unknown
sp1 igf1r Unknown
sp1 igf2 Activation
sp1 igf2 Unknown
sp1 igfbp1 Unknown
sp1 igfbp3 Activation
sp1 igfbp4 Unknown
sp1 il10 Activation
sp1 il10 Unknown
sp1 il2 Unknown
sp1 il2rb Unknown
sp1 il3 Unknown
sp1 il6 Activation
sp1 impdh2 Unknown
sp1 inpp5j Unknown
sp1 insr Activation
sp1 insr Unknown
sp1 irf5 Activation
sp1 irs2 Activation
sp1 irs2 Unknown
sp1 isg20 Unknown
sp1 itga2 Unknown
sp1 itga5 Activation
sp1 itgad Activation
sp1 itgav Repression
sp1 itgav Unknown
sp1 itgax Unknown
sp1 itgb2 Unknown
sp1 itgb3 Repression
sp1 ivl Unknown
sp1 kcnh2 Unknown
sp1 kcnq2 Activation
sp1 kcnq3 Activation
sp1 kctd11 Unknown
sp1 kdr Repression
sp1 kif2c Activation
sp1 kiss1 Activation
sp1 kiss1 Unknown
sp1 kit Unknown
sp1 klf8 Unknown
sp1 klk3 Activation
sp1 krt14 Repression
sp1 krt16 Activation
sp1 krt18 Unknown
sp1 krt19 Activation
sp1 krt5 Activation
sp1 lama1 Unknown
sp1 lcat Unknown
sp1 ldha Activation
sp1 ldhc Unknown
sp1 ldlr Activation
sp1 lep Activation
sp1 lmo4 Unknown
sp1 lor Activation
sp1 loxl4 Activation
sp1 lpl Unknown
sp1 lrp5 Activation
sp1 lsp1 Unknown
sp1 ltbp4 Unknown
sp1 ltc4s Unknown
sp1 ltf Unknown
sp1 lyz Unknown
sp1 macrod1 Activation
sp1 maob Unknown
sp1 mat2a Activation
sp1 mat2a Unknown
sp1 mat2b Activation
sp1 mcts1 Unknown
sp1 mdm2 Activation
sp1 mdm2 Unknown
sp1 me1 Unknown
sp1 met Activation
sp1 met Repression
sp1 mgmt Unknown
sp1 mica Activation
sp1 micb Activation
sp1 micb Unknown
sp1 mif Activation
sp1 mme Unknown
sp1 mmp11 Activation
sp1 mmp14 Activation
sp1 mmp14 Unknown
sp1 mmp2 Activation
sp1 mmp2 Unknown
sp1 mmp28 Unknown
sp1 mmp9 Activation
sp1 mmp9 Unknown
sp1 mmrn1 Activation
sp1 mnda Unknown
sp1 mpg Unknown
sp1 mpo Activation
sp1 mpo Unknown
sp1 mta1 Activation
sp1 muc2 Activation
sp1 muc2 Unknown
sp1 muc4 Unknown
sp1 muc5ac Activation
sp1 muc6 Activation
sp1 mybl1 Unknown
sp1 mybl2 Unknown
sp1 myc Unknown
sp1 mycn Activation
sp1 mycn Repression
sp1 mycn Unknown
sp1 ndufv1 Activation
sp1 ndufv2 Activation
sp1 nf1 Unknown
sp1 nfkb1 Activation
sp1 nfkb2 Unknown
sp1 nkx2_1 Unknown
sp1 nol7 Unknown
sp1 nos1 Unknown
sp1 nos3 Activation
sp1 nos3 Unknown
sp1 npy Unknown
sp1 nqo2 Unknown
sp1 nr4a1 Unknown
sp1 nr5a1 Unknown
sp1 nt5e Unknown
sp1 oat Unknown
sp1 odc1 Unknown
sp1 oprm1 Activation
sp1 oprm1 Unknown
sp1 oxtr Unknown
sp1 p2rx4 Repression
sp1 p4ha1 Activation
sp1 padi1 Activation
sp1 padi3 Unknown
sp1 pax6 Unknown
sp1 pck1 Activation
sp1 pde6a Unknown
sp1 pde6b Unknown
sp1 pdgfb Unknown
sp1 pdgfc Unknown
sp1 pdha1 Unknown
sp1 pdia2 Activation
sp1 pelo Unknown
sp1 pglyrp2 Unknown
sp1 pgr Activation
sp1 phgdh Activation
sp1 plaa Unknown
sp1 plac1 Unknown
sp1 plat Unknown
sp1 plau Unknown
sp1 plaur Activation
sp1 plaur Unknown
sp1 pnoc Unknown
sp1 pold1 Unknown
sp1 pold2 Unknown
sp1 pole2 Unknown
sp1 pon1 Activation
sp1 por Activation
sp1 por Repression
sp1 por Unknown
sp1 ppl Activation
sp1 ppp2r2b Activation
sp1 prkce Repression
sp1 prm1 Activation
sp1 prnp Activation
sp1 prnp Unknown
sp1 prss50 Activation
sp1 psen1 Unknown
sp1 psip1 Unknown
sp1 pten Unknown
sp1 ptges Unknown
sp1 ptgir Activation
sp1 ptgs2 Activation
sp1 ptgs2 Repression
sp1 pthlh Activation
sp1 ptk6 Unknown
sp1 ptn Unknown
sp1 pttg1 Activation
sp1 pttg1 Unknown
sp1 rara Activation
sp1 rassf1 Activation
sp1 reck Activation
sp1 reck Unknown
sp1 recql4 Activation
sp1 recql4 Unknown
sp1 rela Activation
sp1 rela Unknown
sp1 retn Activation
sp1 rgn Repression
sp1 rora Activation
sp1 rps3a Unknown
sp1 scnn1b Unknown
sp1 sct Unknown
sp1 sctr Unknown
sp1 serpinb5 Activation
sp1 serpine1 Activation
sp1 serpine1 Unknown
sp1 sgpl1 Unknown
sp1 sigirr Activation
sp1 sirt1 Unknown
sp1 skp2 Activation
sp1 skp2 Unknown
sp1 slc13a4 Unknown
sp1 slc15a1 Unknown
sp1 slc19a1 Activation
sp1 slc19a2 Unknown
sp1 slc19a3 Activation
sp1 slc19a3 Unknown
sp1 slc25a20 Unknown
sp1 slc29a1 Repression
sp1 slc31a1 Unknown
sp1 slc39a1 Unknown
sp1 slc39a8 Activation
sp1 slc3a2 Unknown
sp1 slc4a2 Unknown
sp1 slc5a8 Activation
sp1 slc7a5 Unknown
sp1 slc9a2 Unknown
sp1 smarca1 Unknown
sp1 smpd1 Activation
sp1 snap25 Unknown
sp1 snapc1 Unknown
sp1 snrpn Unknown
sp1 socs1 Activation
sp1 sod1 Activation
sp1 sod1 Repression
sp1 sod2 Repression
sp1 sod2 Unknown
sp1 sox3 Unknown
sp1 sox9 Activation
sp1 sp3 Activation
sp1 spn Activation
sp1 spp1 Unknown
sp1 spry2 Unknown
sp1 sqstm1 Unknown
sp1 src Unknown
sp1 srebf1 Activation
sp1 srebf1 Unknown
sp1 sry Unknown
sp1 st6gal1 Unknown
sp1 star Unknown
sp1 stard3 Activation
sp1 stk11 Unknown
sp1 syp Unknown
sp1 taf7 Activation
sp1 taf7 Unknown
sp1 tbx21 Unknown
sp1 tbxa2r Unknown
sp1 tcn2 Unknown
sp1 terf2 Activation
sp1 tert Activation
sp1 tert Unknown
sp1 tf Unknown
sp1 tfpi2 Unknown
sp1 tgfa Unknown
sp1 tgfb1 Activation
sp1 tgfb1 Unknown
sp1 tgfbr2 Unknown
sp1 tgm4 Unknown
sp1 th Unknown
sp1 thbd Activation
sp1 thbd Unknown
sp1 ticam1 Repression
sp1 timp1 Activation
sp1 timp1 Unknown
sp1 timp2 Unknown
sp1 timp3 Activation
sp1 timp3 Unknown
sp1 tinf2 Unknown
sp1 tk1 Activation
sp1 tlr2 Activation
sp1 tlr2 Unknown
sp1 tmpo Activation
sp1 tnc Activation
sp1 tnc Unknown
sp1 tnf Activation
sp1 tnf Repression
sp1 tnfrsf10b Activation
sp1 tnfrsf10b Unknown
sp1 tnfsf10 Repression
sp1 tnfsf14 Activation
sp1 tnni3 Unknown
sp1 tpmt Unknown
sp1 tymp Unknown
sp1 tyms Unknown
sp1 ubc Unknown
sp1 ugcg Activation
sp1 ugdh Activation
sp1 ugdh Unknown
sp1 ugt1a4 Activation
sp1 ugt2b15 Unknown
sp1 usp7 Unknown
sp1 utrn Activation
sp1 vamp2 Activation
sp1 vdr Unknown
sp1 vegfa Activation
sp1 vegfa Repression
sp1 vegfa Unknown
sp1 vim Activation
sp1 was Unknown
sp1 wif1 Repression
sp1 wrn Unknown
sp1 wt1 Activation
sp1 xiap Activation
sp1 xpc Unknown
sp1 yy1 Activation
sp100 ets1 Repression
sp2 cd14 Unknown
sp2 ceacam1 Repression
sp2 dnmt3a Activation
sp2 dnmt3b Activation
sp2 hsd17b2 Repression
sp2 mat2a Unknown
sp2 mmp9 Repression
sp2 papss2 Unknown
sp2 tra Unknown
sp3 abca1 Repression
sp3 abca1 Unknown
sp3 ace Unknown
sp3 agtr1 Unknown
sp3 alox12 Activation
sp3 alpl Activation
sp3 atp2a2 Unknown
sp3 birc5 Unknown
sp3 bpi Unknown
sp3 bsg Activation
sp3 btk Unknown
sp3 ca9 Unknown
sp3 cbs Unknown
sp3 ccnd1 Unknown
sp3 cd14 Unknown
sp3 cd2ap Activation
sp3 cd83 Unknown
sp3 adgre5 Activation
sp3 cdh2 Unknown
sp3 cdkn1a Activation
sp3 cdkn1a Repression
sp3 cdkn1a Unknown
sp3 cdkn2a Unknown
sp3 cdkn2b Unknown
sp3 cenph Activation
sp3 cetp Repression
sp3 cetp Unknown
sp3 cftr Unknown
sp3 chrnb4 Unknown
sp3 col11a2 Activation
sp3 col1a1 Unknown
sp3 col2a1 Activation
sp3 col2a1 Repression
sp3 ctsb Unknown
sp3 ctsl Activation
sp3 cyp17a1 Unknown
sp3 cyp27a1 Activation
sp3 cyp2f1 Unknown
sp3 cyp3a5 Unknown
sp3 cyp3a7 Unknown
sp3 cyp46a1 Unknown
sp3 dmrt1 Unknown
sp3 dnase2 Activation
sp3 dnmt3a Unknown
sp3 dnmt3b Unknown
sp3 eapp Repression
sp3 erbb2 Activation
sp3 etf1 Repression
sp3 f2r Unknown
sp3 fbln1 Unknown
sp3 fbp1 Unknown
sp3 fgfr3 Unknown
sp3 foxp3 Repression
sp3 gdf5 Unknown
sp3 gipr Unknown
sp3 hbegf Activation
sp3 hdac4 Activation
sp3 hgf Activation
sp3 hmga2 Unknown
sp3 hoxb7 Unknown
sp3 hsd17b2 Activation
sp3 id4 Repression
sp3 igfbp1 Unknown
sp3 igfbp3 Activation
sp3 igfbp4 Unknown
sp3 itga2 Unknown
sp3 itgad Activation
sp3 itgav Unknown
sp3 kdr Activation
sp3 kdr Repression
sp3 klk3 Activation
sp3 lama1 Unknown
sp3 lcat Unknown
sp3 cnmd Activation
sp3 lor Repression
sp3 lpl Activation
sp3 lpl Unknown
sp3 ltc4s Unknown
sp3 maob Unknown
sp3 mat2a Unknown
sp3 micb Unknown
sp3 mmp2 Unknown
sp3 msh6 Activation
sp3 muc2 Unknown
sp3 muc4 Unknown
sp3 muc6 Activation
sp3 mycn Activation
sp3 nfkb1 Activation
sp3 nkx2_1 Unknown
sp3 nos3 Activation
sp3 nox4 Activation
sp3 oprm1 Activation
sp3 padi1 Activation
sp3 padi3 Unknown
sp3 plat Unknown
sp3 plaur Unknown
sp3 rassf1 Activation
sp3 reck Unknown
sp3 rela Activation
sp3 rora Activation
sp3 sct Unknown
sp3 sctr Unknown
sp3 slc19a3 Activation
sp3 slc1a3 Unknown
sp3 slc9a2 Unknown
sp3 socs3 Unknown
sp3 sox18 Repression
sp3 tcn2 Unknown
sp3 tff1 Activation
sp3 tff2 Repression
sp3 tgm4 Unknown
sp3 timp1 Unknown
sp3 timp2 Unknown
sp3 tpmt Unknown
sp3 tra Unknown
sp3 tymp Unknown
sp3 ubc Unknown
sp3 utrn Activation
sp3 vegfa Unknown
sp3 yy1 Activation
sp4 ass1 Activation
sp4 birc5 Unknown
sp4 ccnd1 Unknown
sp4 erbb2 Activation
sp4 fgfr3 Unknown
sp4 kdr Activation
sp4 kdr Repression
sp4 maob Activation
sp4 nfkb1 Activation
sp4 pde6b Unknown
sp4 rela Activation
sp4 yy1 Activation
sp7 col11a2 Activation
spdef agr2 Activation
spdef cdh1 Activation
spdef klk3 Unknown
spdef mmp9 Repression
spdef muc2 Activation
spdef plaur Repression
spdef retnlb Activation
spdef serpinb5 Activation
spdef spink4 Activation
spdef sqstm1 Activation
spen dmpk Activation
spen ncor2 Unknown
spi1 acp5 Activation
spi1 alox15 Activation
spi1 bcl6 Repression
spi1 bpi Unknown
spi1 btk Unknown
spi1 ccl2 Activation
spi1 ccl5 Unknown
spi1 cd163 Unknown
spi1 cd22 Unknown
spi1 cd40 Activation
spi1 cd68 Repression
spi1 clec4g Activation
spi1 csf1 Unknown
spi1 csf2ra Unknown
spi1 csf3r Activation
spi1 csf3r Unknown
spi1 ctsg Unknown
spi1 ctsk Unknown
spi1 ctss Activation
spi1 cxcr1 Activation
spi1 cybb Activation
spi1 cybb Unknown
spi1 dapk2 Unknown
spi1 elane Unknown
spi1 erap2 Unknown
spi1 fcer1a Activation
spi1 fcer1a Unknown
spi1 fcgr1a Unknown
spi1 fes Unknown
spi1 fli1 Unknown
spi1 gata1 Activation
spi1 gata1 Unknown
spi1 hck Unknown
spi1 ifit3 Activation
spi1 jchain Unknown
spi1 il12b Unknown
spi1 il18 Unknown
spi1 il1b Activation
spi1 il1b Unknown
spi1 il5 Activation
spi1 itga2b Unknown
spi1 itgam Activation
spi1 itgax Repression
spi1 itgax Unknown
spi1 itgb2 Activation
spi1 itgb2 Unknown
spi1 macrod1 Repression
spi1 mapk1 Repression
spi1 mme Unknown
spi1 mnda Unknown
spi1 ms4a1 Unknown
spi1 msr1 Unknown
spi1 ncf2 Activation
spi1 ncf2 Unknown
spi1 nsfl1c Unknown
spi1 p2ry10 Unknown
spi1 parg Repression
spi1 pebp1 Activation
spi1 prg2 Activation
spi1 prtn3 Unknown
spi1 ptgir Activation
spi1 rnase2 Activation
spi1 scarb1 Unknown
spi1 scarb2 Unknown
spi1 stat3 Unknown
spi1 tlr4 Activation
spi1 tlr4 Unknown
spi1 tnf Unknown
spi1 tnfrsf11a Unknown
spi1 was Unknown
spi1 znf300 Unknown
spib cd40 Activation
spib irf7 Repression
spic il4 Activation
srcap klk3 Activation
srcap pck2 Unknown
srebf1 acacb Unknown
srebf1 acly Activation
srebf1 apoa5 Repression
srebf1 apoa5 Unknown
srebf1 ar Unknown
srebf1 bcl2l1 Repression
srebf1 cav1 Repression
srebf1 cetp Unknown
srebf1 cic Unknown
srebf1 fabp6 Unknown
srebf1 fas Activation
srebf1 fas Unknown
srebf1 fasn Unknown
srebf1 fdft1 Unknown
srebf1 fdps Unknown
srebf1 hk2 Unknown
srebf1 hmox1 Unknown
srebf1 irs2 Repression
srebf1 ldlr Activation
srebf1 ldlr Unknown
srebf1 lpin1 Unknown
srebf1 lrp1 Repression
srebf1 nr0b2 Activation
srebf1 pck1 Repression
srebf1 pcsk9 Activation
srebf1 pdx1 Repression
srebf1 pparg Unknown
srebf1 scd Unknown
srebf1 scd5 Activation
srebf1 thrsp Unknown
srebf2 abca1 Repression
srebf2 abcg5 Repression
srebf2 abcg8 Repression
srebf2 acot7 Activation
srebf2 fabp6 Unknown
srebf2 fas Unknown
srebf2 fdft1 Unknown
srebf2 fdps Unknown
srebf2 hmgcr Activation
srebf2 hmgcr Unknown
srebf2 hnf4a Repression
srebf2 ldlr Activation
srebf2 lipc Unknown
srebf2 lrp1 Repression
srebf2 mttp Repression
srebf2 npc1l1 Activation
srebf2 npc1l1 Unknown
srebf2 pcsk9 Activation
srebf2 pon1 Activation
srebf2 pon2 Activation
srebf2 pparg Unknown
srebf2 prss8 Unknown
srf acta1 Unknown
srf cftr Unknown
srf creb1 Repression
srf dmd Unknown
srf fhl2 Unknown
srf fos Activation
srf fos Unknown
srf fosl1 Activation
srf fxn Unknown
srf hmgxb4 Unknown
srf hmgxb4 Unknown
srf kpna1 Unknown
srf kpnb1 Unknown
srf lmo7 Unknown
srf mcl1 Unknown
srf mmp14 Activation
srf mmp2 Activation
srf mmp9 Unknown
srf myl9 Unknown
srf plau Activation
srf plg Activation
srf prrx1 Unknown
srf samd4a Activation
srf serpine1 Repression
srf smn1 Activation
srf tagln Activation
srf ube2s Activation
srsf1 myc Unknown
srsf1 nfkb1 Repression
sry etv2 Activation
sry nfkbib Unknown
sry prom1 Unknown
sry sox9 Activation
sry sox9 Unknown
sry th Unknown
sry wdr5 Activation
ssb hap1 Repression
ssb lamb1 Activation
ssb xiap Unknown
ssx2 mmp2 Unknown
stat1 acat1 Unknown
stat1 app Unknown
stat1 bax Unknown
stat1 ccl2 Unknown
stat1 ccl3 Activation
stat1 ccr1 Activation
stat1 cd22 Activation
stat1 cd40 Activation
stat1 cd40lg Activation
stat1 cd86 Unknown
stat1 cdkn1a Activation
stat1 cebpe Activation
stat1 cftr Activation
stat1 cftr Repression
stat1 chat Unknown
stat1 ciita Activation
stat1 ciita Unknown
stat1 ctsb Unknown
stat1 ctsl Unknown
stat1 cxcl10 Repression
stat1 cxcl10 Unknown
stat1 edn1 Activation
stat1 egfr Unknown
stat1 fas Unknown
stat1 fcgr1a Unknown
stat1 fcgrt Repression
stat1 fgf2 Activation
stat1 fgf2 Repression
stat1 fgfr3 Repression
stat1 foxp3 Unknown
stat1 gast Activation
stat1 gast Unknown
stat1 gls Unknown
stat1 hla_e Unknown
stat1 hmox1 Activation
stat1 hsp90aa1 Repression
stat1 icam1 Activation
stat1 ifit3 Unknown
stat1 ifna1 Repression
stat1 ifna1 Unknown
stat1 ifnb1 Repression
stat1 ifng Activation
stat1 ifng Repression
stat1 ifng Unknown
stat1 ifnlr1 Unknown
stat1 il10 Unknown
stat1 il1b Activation
stat1 il1r1 Unknown
stat1 il27 Unknown
stat1 il2ra Unknown
stat1 il6 Repression
stat1 irf1 Activation
stat1 irf1 Repression
stat1 irf1 Unknown
stat1 irf7 Activation
stat1 irf8 Activation
stat1 ivl Repression
stat1 jak2 Activation
stat1 krt17 Activation
stat1 lcn2 Unknown
stat1 ly96 Activation
stat1 mmp13 Repression
stat1 mmp9 Repression
stat1 muc1 Activation
stat1 muc4 Activation
stat1 mvp Activation
stat1 nos2 Activation
stat1 nos2 Unknown
stat1 nox1 Unknown
stat1 nox4 Unknown
stat1 nox5 Activation
stat1 nr1h4 Repression
stat1 oprm1 Activation
stat1 pim1 Unknown
stat1 plscr1 Unknown
stat1 pml Activation
stat1 pml Unknown
stat1 ppara Activation
stat1 prkce Repression
stat1 psmb9 Unknown
stat1 ptgs2 Activation
stat1 ptgs2 Unknown
stat1 s100a10 Activation
stat1 scarb1 Unknown
stat1 smarca4 Unknown
stat1 socs3 Unknown
stat1 stat2 Activation
stat1 stat3 Unknown
stat1 tap1 Unknown
stat1 tbx21 Unknown
stat1 timp1 Unknown
stat1 tlr3 Activation
stat1 tnfsf13b Unknown
stat1 tp53 Activation
stat1 tp53 Unknown
stat1 upp1 Activation
stat1 vip Unknown
stat1 xaf1 Unknown
stat2 ccl2 Unknown
stat2 ifit3 Unknown
stat2 ifna1 Unknown
stat2 irf1 Activation
stat2 nos2 Activation
stat2 pml Unknown
stat2 ptgs2 Activation
stat2 rcan1 Unknown
stat2 scarb1 Unknown
stat2 scarb2 Unknown
stat2 stat1 Unknown
stat3 a2m Unknown
stat3 abca1 Unknown
stat3 akap12 Activation
stat3 akt1 Unknown
stat3 ar Unknown
stat3 bcl2 Activation
stat3 bcl2 Repression
stat3 bcl2 Unknown
stat3 bcl2l1 Activation
stat3 bcl2l1 Repression
stat3 bcl2l1 Unknown
stat3 bcl6 Activation
stat3 birc5 Activation
stat3 birc5 Unknown
stat3 ccl11 Activation
stat3 ccl11 Unknown
stat3 ccl2 Activation
stat3 ccnd1 Activation
stat3 ccnd1 Repression
stat3 ccnd1 Unknown
stat3 ccnd2 Unknown
stat3 ccnd3 Activation
stat3 cd46 Activation
stat3 cdh1 Unknown
stat3 cdk4 Activation
stat3 cdkn1a Activation
stat3 cdkn1a Unknown
stat3 cdkn1b Unknown
stat3 cfb Activation
stat3 cflar Unknown
stat3 chi3l1 Activation
stat3 cish Activation
stat3 cops5 Unknown
stat3 crp Activation
stat3 crp Unknown
stat3 csrp1 Activation
stat3 csrp1 Unknown
stat3 ctgf Repression
stat3 cxcl8 Unknown
stat3 cyp19a1 Unknown
stat3 cyr61 Unknown
stat3 ddit3 Repression
stat3 diras3 Unknown
stat3 dnmt1 Activation
stat3 dnmt1 Unknown
stat3 egfr Activation
stat3 epas1 Unknown
stat3 esr2 Activation
stat3 etv6 Activation
stat3 f2r Activation
stat3 faah Activation
stat3 fas Activation
stat3 fas Repression
stat3 fgf1 Repression
stat3 fgf2 Activation
stat3 fgf2 Unknown
stat3 fgg Activation
stat3 fgl1 Unknown
stat3 flt3 Activation
stat3 fos Activation
stat3 gast Activation
stat3 gast Unknown
stat3 gfap Activation
stat3 gfap Unknown
stat3 greb1 Unknown
stat3 hamp Activation
stat3 hamp Unknown
stat3 hgf Activation
stat3 hgf Unknown
stat3 hif1a Activation
stat3 hif1a Unknown
stat3 hmox1 Activation
stat3 hp Unknown
stat3 hspa4 Activation
stat3 hspb1 Activation
stat3 icam1 Unknown
stat3 ifnar1 Activation
stat3 ifng Repression
stat3 ikbke Activation
stat3 il10 Activation
stat3 il10 Unknown
stat3 il11 Unknown
stat3 il1rn Activation
stat3 il2 Activation
stat3 il21 Activation
stat3 il2ra Unknown
stat3 il6 Activation
stat3 il6 Repression
stat3 il6 Unknown
stat3 irf1 Activation
stat3 irf1 Unknown
stat3 jak2 Activation
stat3 jak2 Unknown
stat3 junb Activation
stat3 klf11 Activation
stat3 krt17 Activation
stat3 lcat Unknown
stat3 lep Activation
stat3 lgals3bp Repression
stat3 ltbp1 Repression
stat3 mcl1 Activation
stat3 mcl1 Repression
stat3 mcl1 Unknown
stat3 mdc1 Unknown
stat3 mica Repression
stat3 mmp1 Unknown
stat3 mmp10 Unknown
stat3 mmp14 Unknown
stat3 mmp2 Activation
stat3 mmp2 Repression
stat3 mmp2 Unknown
stat3 mmp3 Unknown
stat3 mmp7 Activation
stat3 mmp7 Repression
stat3 mmp9 Repression
stat3 muc1 Activation
stat3 muc4 Activation
stat3 muc4 Unknown
stat3 muc5b Unknown
stat3 myc Activation
stat3 myc Repression
stat3 myc Unknown
stat3 myd88 Unknown
stat3 nanog Activation
stat3 nlk Unknown
stat3 nme1 Activation
stat3 nox1 Unknown
stat3 nox4 Unknown
stat3 nox5 Activation
stat3 nr2c2 Unknown
stat3 oas1 Repression
stat3 oprm1 Activation
stat3 osm Activation
stat3 pax3 Repression
stat3 pgf Repression
stat3 phb Unknown
stat3 pias3 Activation
stat3 pim1 Activation
stat3 pim1 Unknown
stat3 pou2f1 Unknown
stat3 ppara Activation
stat3 prdm1 Activation
stat3 prdm1 Unknown
stat3 pros1 Unknown
stat3 psmb5 Activation
stat3 pten Activation
stat3 ptgs2 Activation
stat3 ptgs2 Unknown
stat3 ptpn13 Activation
stat3 ptpn6 Repression
stat3 ptpn6 Unknown
stat3 ror1 Unknown
stat3 s100a11 Activation
stat3 s1pr1 Activation
stat3 saa1 Unknown
stat3 sall4 Activation
stat3 shh Activation
stat3 socs1 Activation
stat3 socs3 Activation
stat3 socs3 Unknown
stat3 stat1 Activation
stat3 stk11 Unknown
stat3 sts Activation
stat3 tert Activation
stat3 tgfb1 Activation
stat3 timp1 Activation
stat3 timp1 Unknown
stat3 tnfrsf10b Repression
stat3 tp53 Unknown
stat3 tp63 Activation
stat3 trh Unknown
stat3 twist1 Unknown
stat3 twist1 Activation
stat3 twist1 Unknown
stat3 twist2 Unknown
stat3 tyk2 Repression
stat3 ucp2 Repression
stat3 usp7 Repression
stat3 vdr Repression
stat3 vegfa Unknown
stat3 vegfa Activation
stat3 vegfa Repression
stat3 vegfa Unknown
stat3 vegfb Unknown
stat3 zfp36 Activation
stat4 ifng Unknown
stat4 il2ra Unknown
stat4 irf1 Unknown
stat4 myc Activation
stat4 nox1 Unknown
stat4 nox4 Unknown
stat4 pim1 Unknown
stat4 prf1 Activation
stat4 s100a4 Activation
stat4 socs3 Repression
stat4 tbx21 Unknown
stat5 bcl6 Repression
stat5a bcl2l1 Unknown
stat5a bcl6 Repression
stat5a ccnd1 Unknown
stat5a ccnd2 Repression
stat5a cdkn2b Repression
stat5a cel Unknown
stat5a csn2 Unknown
stat5a esr1 Unknown
stat5a hrh1 Unknown
stat5a ifng Activation
stat5a sp1 Unknown
stat5a stk11 Unknown
stat5a sumo1 Repression
stat5b bcl2l1 Activation
stat5b bcl6 Repression
stat5b ccnd1 Unknown
stat5b cel Unknown
stat5b esr1 Unknown
stat5b esr2 Unknown
stat5b ifng Unknown
stat5b igf1 Activation
stat6 adra2b Unknown
stat6 alox12 Unknown
stat6 alox15 Activation
stat6 alox15 Unknown
stat6 ccl11 Activation
stat6 ccl11 Repression
stat6 ccl11 Unknown
stat6 ccl17 Activation
stat6 ccl26 Activation
stat6 ccl26 Unknown
stat6 cd40 Unknown
stat6 cish Unknown
stat6 cnr1 Activation
stat6 col1a1 Activation
stat6 col1a2 Activation
stat6 cxcl8 Unknown
stat6 cyp2e1 Activation
stat6 cysltr1 Unknown
stat6 dusp1 Unknown
stat6 egln3 Unknown
stat6 fcer2 Activation
stat6 fos Activation
stat6 fos Unknown
stat6 fosb Unknown
stat6 hsd3b2 Activation
stat6 il13 Unknown
stat6 il1r1 Activation
stat6 il4 Activation
stat6 il4 Unknown
stat6 irf4 Unknown
stat6 itga2b Unknown
stat6 oprm1 Unknown
stat6 ormdl3 Unknown
stat6 ptgs2 Activation
stat6 rhoa Activation
stat6 sele Repression
stat6 selp Activation
stat6 sidt1 Unknown
stat6 slc26a4 Activation
stat6 socs1 Unknown
stat6 stat1 Repression
stat6 tlr4 Repression
sugp1 il1b Activation
supt3h nedd4l Activation
suz12 hoxa9 Unknown
suz12 igf2 Unknown
suz12 snai2 Repression
suz12 twist1 Repression
taf1 ar Activation
taf1 cdkn1a Activation
taf1 lrig2 Unknown
taf1 src Unknown
taf1 tbp Unknown
taf4 atf7 Repression
taf4 cdkn1a Unknown
taf5 cdkn1a Unknown
tal1 aldh1a2 Activation
tal1 angpt2 Unknown
tal1 cd34 Repression
tal1 epor Unknown
tal1 erg Activation
tal1 krt7 Unknown
tal1 myb Activation
tal1 mycn Activation
tal1 nfkb1 Repression
tal1 tert Unknown
tbc1d22a acbd3 Unknown
tbl1x myc Unknown
tbp app Unknown
tbp bcl2 Repression
tbp bdkrb1 Unknown
tbp ccnb1 Unknown
tbp cdkn1a Unknown
tbp crp Unknown
tbp e2f1 Unknown
tbp fos Activation
tbp fus Repression
tbp igfbp4 Unknown
tbp il6 Repression
tbp lin28b Activation
tbp myc Unknown
tbp nf1 Repression
tbp ppbp Unknown
tbpl1 nf1 Activation
tbr1 reln Unknown
tbx2 cdkn1a Repression
tbx2 cdkn2a Repression
tbx20 fgf10 Unknown
tbx21 ccr4 Repression
tbx21 chst4 Activation
tbx21 cxcr3 Activation
tbx21 fut7 Unknown
tbx21 gata3 Unknown
tbx21 ifng Activation
tbx21 ifng Unknown
tbx21 il10 Unknown
tbx21 il13 Repression
tbx21 il4 Repression
tbx21 il4 Unknown
tbx21 nelfcd Unknown
tbx21 ptgdr2 Repression
tbx21 yy1 Unknown
tbx3 cdkn1a Repression
tbx3 cdkn2a Repression
tbx5 cdkn2a Activation
tbx5 gja5 Activation
tbx5 itga9 Unknown
tbx5 myh6 Unknown
tbx5 nppa Activation
tcf12 cdh1 Repression
tcf19 ccne1 Repression
tcf3 aicda Unknown
tcf3 bbc3 Repression
tcf3 bts1 Unknown
tcf3 cd4 Unknown
tcf3 cdh1 Repression
tcf3 cdk6 Repression
tcf3 cdkn1a Activation
tcf3 cdkn1a Unknown
tcf3 cr2 Activation
tcf3 exo1 Repression
tcf3 il5ra Unknown
tcf3 ins Unknown
tcf3 myc Activation
tcf3 myc Repression
tcf3 pou5f1 Repression
tcf3 rag1 Unknown
tcf4 abcb1 Activation
tcf4 bcl2 Unknown
tcf4 birc5 Unknown
tcf4 ccnd1 Activation
tcf4 ccnd1 Unknown
tcf4 cd44 Unknown
tcf4 clec4c Activation
tcf4 cntnap2 Activation
tcf4 defa5 Unknown
tcf4 defa6 Unknown
tcf4 fst Unknown
tcf4 heca Repression
tcf4 jun Unknown
tcf4 klf4 Unknown
tcf4 lgr5 Unknown
tcf4 mitf Repression
tcf4 myc Activation
tcf4 myc Unknown
tcf4 notum Activation
tcf4 nrxn1 Activation
tcf4 pld1 Activation
tcf4 pten Repression
tcf4 skp2 Unknown
tcf4 vcan Unknown
tcf4 vegfa Activation
tcf4 vim Activation
tcf4 wnt4 Unknown
tcf7 snai2 Unknown
tcf7l2 abcb1 Unknown
tcf7l2 acvrl1 Unknown
tcf7l2 birc5 Activation
tcf7l2 ctnnb1 Unknown
tcf7l2 gata3 Unknown
tcf7l2 glce Unknown
tcf7l2 heca Repression
tcf7l2 wwc1 Unknown
tcf7l2 ptgs2 Unknown
tcf7l2 snai2 Unknown
tcf7l2 stard7 Activation
tcf7l2 stat3 Unknown
tcfl5 cd2 Repression
tead1 atp6v0a2 Activation
tead1 msln Activation
tead1 naip Unknown
tead1 pax3 Unknown
tead1 srf Unknown
tead4 vegfa Repression
tef alb Activation
tef dbp Unknown
tef nppb Unknown
tfap2a ache Repression
tfap2a adm Unknown
tfap2a adra1a Unknown
tfap2a adra2b Unknown
tfap2a app Unknown
tfap2a bace1 Unknown
tfap2a bcl2 Repression
tfap2a brs3 Activation
tfap2a ccnb1 Unknown
tfap2a cd82 Activation
tfap2a cdh1 Activation
tfap2a cdh1 Repression
tfap2a cdkn1a Activation
tfap2a cdkn1a Repression
tfap2a cdkn1a Unknown
tfap2a cftr Unknown
tfap2a cga Unknown
tfap2a cgb3 Unknown
tfap2a col1a1 Unknown
tfap2a crabp2 Activation
tfap2a crx Unknown
tfap2a cryab Activation
tfap2a csh1 Unknown
tfap2a cyp11a1 Unknown
tfap2a dbh Unknown
tfap2a dcbld2 Activation
tfap2a dcbld2 Unknown
tfap2a ecm1 Activation
tfap2a egfr Unknown
tfap2a erbb2 Unknown
tfap2a ets1 Activation
tfap2a f2r Unknown
tfap2a fas Unknown
tfap2a foxa1 Unknown
tfap2a galnt3 Unknown
tfap2a gast Unknown
tfap2a gpx4 Unknown
tfap2a gusb Unknown
tfap2a hgf Repression
tfap2a hip1 Unknown
tfap2a hmox1 Unknown
tfap2a hoxa4 Repression
tfap2a hsd17b1 Repression
tfap2a hsd17b1 Unknown
tfap2a htt Unknown
tfap2a igfbp5 Activation
tfap2a impdh2 Unknown
tfap2a kiss1 Activation
tfap2a kit Unknown
tfap2a klf12 Repression
tfap2a krt5 Activation
tfap2a l1cam Unknown
tfap2a lnpep Activation
tfap2a mcam Repression
tfap2a mmp2 Unknown
tfap2a mmp9 Activation
tfap2a mmp9 Repression
tfap2a mpg Unknown
tfap2a muc4 Repression
tfap2a muc4 Unknown
tfap2a nme3 Activation
tfap2a nr3c1 Activation
tfap2a oat Unknown
tfap2a plaur Unknown
tfap2a pold2 Unknown
tfap2a prkca Activation
tfap2a pten Activation
tfap2a ptgs2 Unknown
tfap2a pvr Unknown
tfap2a slc19a1 Activation
tfap2a snap91 Unknown
tfap2a sod2 Unknown
tfap2a spry2 Unknown
tfap2a sult1e1 Activation
tfap2a taf7 Activation
tfap2a th Unknown
tfap2a timp2 Unknown
tfap2a vegfa Activation
tfap2a vegfa Unknown
tfap2b adipoq Repression
tfap2b cryab Activation
tfap2b drd1 Unknown
tfap2b erbb2 Unknown
tfap2b ptgds Activation
tfap2c cdkn1a Repression
tfap2c crabp2 Activation
tfap2c csta Unknown
tfap2c ecm1 Activation
tfap2c ecm1 Unknown
tfap2c erbb2 Unknown
tfap2c esr1 Activation
tfap2c gpx1 Activation
tfap2c mmp2 Unknown
tfap2c ret Unknown
tfap2c sult1e1 Activation
tfap4 cdkn1a Activation
tfap4 clcn5 Unknown
tfap4 ifng Unknown
tfap4 mdm2 Repression
tfap4 muc4 Unknown
tfap4 ppp2r2b Repression
tfap4 sall2 Activation
tfcp2 a2m Unknown
tfcp2 fga Unknown
tfcp2 gsk3b Unknown
tfcp2 pax6 Activation
tfcp2 spp1 Activation
tfcp2 sry Unknown
tfcp2 tf Activation
tfcp2 tyms Unknown
tfcp2 wt1 Unknown
tfcp2l1 cyp11a1 Unknown
tfdp1 cav1 Unknown
tfdp1 ccne1 Activation
tfdp1 cdk1 Activation
tfdp1 dhfr Activation
tfdp1 mybl2 Activation
tfdp1 nrip1 Activation
tfdp1 pcna Activation
tfdp1 rrm1 Activation
tfdp1 tp53 Repression
tfdp1 tyms Activation
tfdp3 e2f1 Unknown
tfdp3 map1lc3b Activation
tfeb tyr Unknown
tfeb tyrp1 Unknown
tfpt eaf1 Unknown
tfpt eaf2 Repression
tgif1 serpine1 Repression
tgif1 sox3 Repression
thra cga Unknown
thra serpinc1 Repression
thrb cga Repression
thrb cga Unknown
thrb por Unknown
tial1 pf4 Unknown
tle3 runx1 Repression
tlx1 aldh1a1 Unknown
tlx1 fhl1 Unknown
tlx1 myc Activation
tlx1 nr4a3 Activation
tnfaip3 irf7 Repression
tnfaip3 jun Repression
tnfaip3 nfkb1 Repression
tnfaip3 nfkb1 Unknown
tnfaip3 rela Repression
tnfaip3 rela Unknown
tnfaip3 satb1 Unknown
tob1 il2 Repression
top2b runx1 Activation
tp53 abcb1 Repression
tp53 abcb1 Unknown
tp53 afp Repression
tp53 akt1 Repression
tp53 alkbh2 Unknown
tp53 alox5 Unknown
tp53 ankrd1 Unknown
tp53 antxr1 Unknown
tp53 apaf1 Unknown
tp53 apcs Activation
tp53 aqp3 Unknown
tp53 atf3 Activation
tp53 adgrb1 Unknown
tp53 bax Activation
tp53 bax Unknown
tp53 bbc3 Activation
tp53 bbc3 Unknown
tp53 bcl2 Repression
tp53 bcl2 Unknown
tp53 bcl2l1 Activation
tp53 bcl2l1 Repression
tp53 bcl3 Repression
tp53 bdkrb2 Activation
tp53 bglap Activation
tp53 birc5 Repression
tp53 birc5 Unknown
tp53 brca1 Repression
tp53 brca1 Unknown
tp53 brca2 Repression
tp53 btg2 Unknown
tp53 btg3 Unknown
tp53 bts1 Unknown
tp53 cables1 Unknown
tp53 carm1 Unknown
tp53 casp1 Unknown
tp53 casp3 Unknown
tp53 cav1 Activation
tp53 ccna1 Unknown
tp53 ccna2 Unknown
tp53 ccnb1 Repression
tp53 ccnb2 Repression
tp53 ccnd1 Repression
tp53 cd82 Activation
tp53 cdk1 Repression
tp53 cdk1 Unknown
tp53 cdk2 Repression
tp53 cdk4 Unknown
tp53 cdkn1a Activation
tp53 cdkn1a Repression
tp53 cdkn1a Unknown
tp53 cdkn1b Unknown
tp53 chek1 Repression
tp53 chek1 Unknown
tp53 chek2 Repression
tp53 chuk Repression
tp53 ckm Activation
tp53 cryab Activation
tp53 ctnnb1 Repression
tp53 ctsd Activation
tp53 cyfip2 Unknown
tp53 ddb1 Activation
tp53 ddb1 Repression
tp53 ddb2 Activation
tp53 ddb2 Unknown
tp53 dkk1 Unknown
tp53 dnmt1 Activation
tp53 dnmt1 Repression
tp53 dnmt1 Unknown
tp53 dusp1 Activation
tp53 e2f1 Repression
tp53 e2f3 Repression
tp53 e2f7 Activation
tp53 egfr Activation
tp53 egr1 Unknown
tp53 elf4 Unknown
tp53 epha2 Activation
tp53 esr1 Unknown
tp53 ezh2 Activation
tp53 ezh2 Repression
tp53 fas Activation
tp53 fas Unknown
tp53 fdxr Unknown
tp53 fgf2 Repression
tp53 flt1 Activation
tp53 flt1 Unknown
tp53 foxm1 Repression
tp53 foxo3 Unknown
tp53 frmd5 Unknown
tp53 fus Unknown
tp53 gadd45a Activation
tp53 gadd45a Repression
tp53 gadd45a Unknown
tp53 gc Unknown
tp53 gdf15 Activation
tp53 gdf15 Unknown
tp53 gli2 Unknown
tp53 gml Activation
tp53 gpnmb Unknown
tp53 gstp1 Activation
tp53 hipk2 Activation
tp53 hnf4a Repression
tp53 hras Unknown
tp53 hsf1 Unknown
tp53 hsp90ab1 Repression
tp53 id1 Unknown
tp53 id2 Unknown
tp53 ier3 Unknown
tp53 ifi16 Activation
tp53 ifi16 Unknown
tp53 igf1r Repression
tp53 igf1r Unknown
tp53 igfbp3 Activation
tp53 ing1 Unknown
tp53 ipo7 Repression
tp53 klf2 Repression
tp53 mad1l1 Repression
tp53 map4 Repression
tp53 mcl1 Repression
tp53 mcm7 Repression
tp53 mdm2 Activation
tp53 mdm2 Unknown
tp53 mdm4 Unknown
tp53 met Repression
tp53 mgmt Repression
tp53 mgmt Unknown
tp53 mki67 Unknown
tp53 mmp1 Repression
tp53 mmp2 Activation
tp53 mmp2 Unknown
tp53 muc2 Activation
tp53 myc Repression
tp53 myc Unknown
tp53 nfkb1 Unknown
tp53 nkx3_1 Repression
tp53 nlrc4 Activation
tp53 nme1 Unknown
tp53 ogg1 Activation
tp53 pax5 Activation
tp53 pdgfrb Activation
tp53 perp Repression
tp53 perp Unknown
tp53 pias3 Repression
tp53 plagl1 Unknown
tp53 plk1 Unknown
tp53 plk3 Unknown
tp53 pmaip1 Activation
tp53 pmaip1 Unknown
tp53 pml Activation
tp53 pold1 Unknown
tp53 ppargc1a Unknown
tp53 ptpa Repression
tp53 prc1 Repression
tp53 prg3 Unknown
tp53 prkab1 Unknown
tp53 pten Repression
tp53 pten Unknown
tp53 ptpn13 Unknown
tp53 pttg1 Activation
tp53 pttg1 Repression
tp53 rad51b Unknown
tp53 rassf1 Repression
tp53 rb1 Unknown
tp53 recql4 Activation
tp53 reep5 Repression
tp53 rela Unknown
tp53 rrm2b Unknown
tp53 s100b Activation
tp53 sfn Activation
tp53 siah1 Unknown
tp53 siva1 Activation
tp53 siva1 Activation
tp53 slc2a1 Repression
tp53 slc6a6 Repression
tp53 smad3 Unknown
tp53 sstr2 Repression
tp53 stat1 Unknown
tp53 stat3 Repression
tp53 tbxas1 Repression
tp53 tceal1 Unknown
tp53 tcf7l2 Repression
tp53 tert Repression
tp53 thbs1 Activation
tp53 thbs1 Unknown
tp53 tnfrsf10a Activation
tp53 tnfrsf10b Activation
tp53 tnfrsf10b Unknown
tp53 tp53 Activation
tp53 tp53 Unknown
tp53 tp53i3 Activation
tp53 tp53i3 Unknown
tp53 tp73 Unknown
tp53 trim22 Activation
tp53 tyms Repression
tp53 uhrf1 Repression
tp53 uhrf1bp1 Activation
tp53 vcan Activation
tp53 vegfa Activation
tp53 vegfa Repression
tp53 wrn Repression
tp53 xpc Unknown
tp53 xpo1 Repression
tp53bp1 brca1 Activation
tp53bp1 brca1 Unknown
tp63 bax Activation
tp63 brca1 Unknown
tp63 cdkn1a Activation
tp63 ddb2 Unknown
tp63 dec1 Unknown
tp63 evpl Unknown
tp63 fdxr Unknown
tp63 id2 Repression
tp63 klf4 Repression
tp63 ppara Unknown
tp63 smarcd3 Unknown
tp63 tcf4 Activation
tp63 vdr Activation
tp63 vdr Unknown
tp63 xpc Unknown
tp63 znf750 Unknown
tp65 cdk6 Unknown
tp73 aqp3 Unknown
tp73 bax Unknown
tp73 bbc3 Activation
tp73 birc5 Unknown
tp73 cables1 Unknown
tp73 cdk1 Unknown
tp73 cdkn1a Activation
tp73 cdkn1a Unknown
tp73 e2f1 Unknown
tp73 fdxr Unknown
tp73 mdm2 Unknown
tp73 pmaip1 Activation
tp73 tert Repression
tp73 vdr Unknown
traf6 cd40 Unknown
traf6 ticam1 Unknown
traf6 vegfa Repression
trerf1 ccr7 Unknown
trerf1 cd40 Repression
trerf1 cd80 Repression
trerf1 cd86 Repression
trerf1 lilrb1 Repression
trerf1 lilrb2 Repression
trerf1 lilrb4 Repression
trib3 atf4 Repression
trib3 smad3 Unknown
trim16 des Repression
trim16 e2f1 Repression
trim16 vim Repression
trim22 nfkb1 Unknown
trim22 rela Unknown
trim25 ddx58 Unknown
trim28 e2f3 Repression
trim28 e2f4 Repression
trim28 id1 Unknown
trim28 znf274 Unknown
trip6 cdk6 Unknown
trps1 klk3 Unknown
trps1 runx2 Repression
trrap ccnd2 Activation
trrap mitf Repression
tsc22d1 cnp Activation
tsc22d3 ccnd1 Activation
tsc22d3 cdkn1a Repression
tsc22d3 foxo1 Repression
tsc22d3 foxo3 Repression
tsc22d3 foxo4 Repression
tsg101 cep55 Unknown
tsg101 egfr Repression
tsg101 reg4 Repression
ttf2 tpo Activation
ttf2 tsg101 Unknown
twist1 akr1c2 Activation
twist1 akt2 Activation
twist1 atm Activation
twist1 bcl2 Unknown
twist1 bmi1 Activation
twist1 cd44 Activation
twist1 cdh1 Repression
twist1 cdh1 Unknown
twist1 cdh2 Unknown
twist1 ctps1 Activation
twist1 dkk1 Unknown
twist1 dnm3 Activation
twist1 erbb3 Repression
twist1 esr1 Repression
twist1 f2r Repression
twist1 fn1 Activation
twist1 fos Activation
twist1 gdf15 Activation
twist1 icam1 Activation
twist1 ilk Repression
twist1 itgb1 Activation
twist1 klf17 Unknown
twist1 mapk1 Activation
twist1 mapk3 Activation
twist1 mmp1 Unknown
twist1 mmp2 Activation
twist1 myb Repression
twist1 nf1 Repression
twist1 nr2f1 Activation
twist1 pfdn4 Repression
twist1 rap1a Repression
twist1 rbl2 Repression
twist1 runx2 Repression
twist1 runx2 Unknown
twist1 srpx Repression
twist1 timp1 Repression
twist1 ybx1 Activation
twist1 ybx1 Unknown
twist2 akr1c2 Activation
twist2 atm Activation
twist2 cd44 Activation
twist2 cdh1 Unknown
twist2 cdh2 Repression
twist2 cdh2 Unknown
twist2 ctps1 Activation
twist2 dkk1 Unknown
twist2 erbb3 Repression
twist2 f2r Repression
twist2 fn1 Activation
twist2 fos Activation
twist2 gdf15 Activation
twist2 icam1 Activation
twist2 ilk Repression
twist2 itgb1 Activation
twist2 mmp2 Activation
twist2 myb Repression
twist2 nf1 Repression
twist2 nr2f1 Activation
twist2 pfdn4 Repression
twist2 postn Unknown
twist2 rap1a Repression
twist2 rbl2 Repression
twist2 runx2 Repression
twist2 runx2 Unknown
twist2 srpx Repression
ubp1 cyp11a1 Unknown
ubtf taf1b Unknown
uhrf1 abcb1 Repression
uhrf1 pparg Repression
uhrf1 rb1 Activation
uhrf1 top2a Unknown
uhrf1 vegfa Unknown
upf1 ncbp1 Unknown
upf1 slbp Unknown
upf2 upf1 Unknown
uri1 ar Repression
usf1 abca1 Activation
usf1 agt Repression
usf1 apc Activation
usf1 apex1 Unknown
usf1 apoa2 Unknown
usf1 apoa5 Activation
usf1 apoa5 Unknown
usf1 ascl2 Repression
usf1 asph Unknown
usf1 b2m Activation
usf1 brca2 Unknown
usf1 ccnb1 Unknown
usf1 cd2 Activation
usf1 ceacam1 Activation
usf1 ceacam5 Activation
usf1 ciita Activation
usf1 ciita Unknown
usf1 ctsb Unknown
usf1 ctsd Activation
usf1 cxcr4 Activation
usf1 cyp19a1 Repression
usf1 cyp1a1 Repression
usf1 ext1 Unknown
usf1 fbp1 Unknown
usf1 fcer1a Unknown
usf1 fmo3 Unknown
usf1 fmr1 Activation
usf1 fmr1 Unknown
usf1 foxa2 Activation
usf1 gata5 Activation
usf1 gck Activation
usf1 hmox1 Activation
usf1 hoxb4 Activation
usf1 hoxb4 Unknown
usf1 hoxb7 Unknown
usf1 id4 Unknown
usf1 ifng Unknown
usf1 isg20 Unknown
usf1 lipc Unknown
usf1 mvp Unknown
usf1 myh9 Unknown
usf1 nfkb1 Unknown
usf1 nphs2 Unknown
usf1 p4ha1 Activation
usf1 pf4 Activation
usf1 pigr Activation
usf1 pigr Unknown
usf1 pklr Unknown
usf1 pou2f1 Unknown
usf1 ptgds Activation
usf1 ptgds Repression
usf1 ptgs2 Repression
usf1 ptpn6 Unknown
usf1 rela Unknown
usf1 s100a6 Activation
usf1 scn9a Unknown
usf1 serbp1 Activation
usf1 serpine1 Activation
usf1 serpine1 Unknown
usf1 sf1 Unknown
usf1 slc16a1 Unknown
usf1 slc19a1 Activation
usf1 slc1a3 Unknown
usf1 slc22a2 Activation
usf1 slc22a2 Unknown
usf1 tbx21 Unknown
usf1 tcn2 Unknown
usf1 tert Activation
usf1 tert Repression
usf1 tert Unknown
usf1 tgfb1 Activation
usf1 tgfb2 Activation
usf1 top3a Activation
usf1 trap Activation
usf1 tyms Unknown
usf2 abca1 Activation
usf2 apc Activation
usf2 apoa2 Unknown
usf2 apoa5 Activation
usf2 apoa5 Unknown
usf2 ascl2 Repression
usf2 asph Unknown
usf2 atp5f1a Activation
usf2 b2m Activation
usf2 brca1 Unknown
usf2 brca2 Unknown
usf2 cd2 Activation
usf2 ceacam1 Activation
usf2 ceacam5 Activation
usf2 cftr Unknown
usf2 ctsb Unknown
usf2 ctsd Activation
usf2 cxcr2 Activation
usf2 cxcr4 Activation
usf2 cyp19a1 Repression
usf2 epas1 Unknown
usf2 fbp1 Unknown
usf2 fcer1a Unknown
usf2 fmr1 Activation
usf2 fmr1 Unknown
usf2 hif1a Unknown
usf2 hmox1 Activation
usf2 hoxb4 Activation
usf2 hoxb4 Unknown
usf2 igf2r Activation
usf2 lipc Unknown
usf2 myh9 Unknown
usf2 nr5a1 Unknown
usf2 p4ha1 Activation
usf2 pdx1 Activation
usf2 pf4 Activation
usf2 pigr Activation
usf2 pigr Unknown
usf2 pklr Unknown
usf2 pou2f1 Unknown
usf2 ptgs2 Unknown
usf2 ptpn6 Unknown
usf2 sf1 Unknown
usf2 slc19a1 Activation
usf2 tcn2 Unknown
usf2 tert Activation
usf2 tert Repression
usf2 tert Unknown
usf2 tgfb1 Activation
usf2 tgfb1 Unknown
usf2 tgfb2 Activation
usf2 tgfb2 Unknown
usf2 thbs1 Activation
usf2 top3a Activation
usf2 trap Activation
utf1 cdkn1b Unknown
vdr amh Unknown
vdr asap2 Unknown
vdr bglap Unknown
vdr bhlhe40 Unknown
vdr calb1 Activation
vdr camp Unknown
vdr cd14 Activation
vdr cdh1 Activation
vdr cdkn1a Unknown
vdr cdkn1b Activation
vdr cst5 Activation
vdr cxcl8 Activation
vdr cxcl8 Unknown
vdr cyp1a1 Unknown
vdr cyp24a1 Activation
vdr cyp24a1 Repression
vdr cyp24a1 Unknown
vdr cyp3a4 Unknown
vdr cyp3a4 Activation
vdr cyp3a4 Unknown
vdr cyp3a5 Unknown
vdr cyp3a7 Unknown
vdr cyp7a1 Repression
vdr ddit4 Unknown
vdr dkk4 Repression
vdr egfr Repression
vdr egfr Unknown
vdr erbb2 Unknown
vdr foxp3 Unknown
vdr hla_drb1 Unknown
vdr hoxa10 Activation
vdr igfbp3 Repression
vdr igfbp3 Unknown
vdr il10 Repression
vdr il12b Repression
vdr il2 Repression
vdr il6 Repression
vdr ncor1 Activation
vdr phb Unknown
vdr pld1 Unknown
vdr podxl Unknown
vdr prl Unknown
vdr pth Repression
vdr skp2 Repression
vdr tlr10 Unknown
vdr tnfrsf21 Activation
vdr tpt1 Activation
vdr trpv6 Unknown
vdr ucp1 Unknown
vezf1 il3 Activation
vhl angpt2 Repression
vhl ar Activation
vhl ca12 Unknown
vhl ca9 Unknown
vhl ccnd1 Unknown
vhl cdkn1b Activation
vhl cdkn1c Activation
vhl col4a2 Unknown
vhl cxcr4 Repression
vhl dab2 Activation
vhl hif1a Repression
vhl hif1a Unknown
vhl igf1r Repression
vhl klf10 Unknown
vhl nmu Repression
vhl sparc Activation
vhl bhlhe40 Unknown
vhl tcf4 Unknown
vhl tfrc Repression
vhl tp53 Unknown
vhl vegfa Activation
vhl vegfa Repression
vhl vegfa Unknown
wdr5 myc Unknown
whsc1 ar Unknown
whsc1 id1 Unknown
wt1 abcb1 Unknown
wt1 amh Activation
wt1 ar Repression
wt1 bcl2 Unknown
wt1 camp Repression
wt1 ccne1 Repression
wt1 cd14 Activation
wt1 adgre5 Activation
wt1 cdc73 Repression
wt1 cdh1 Repression
wt1 cdkn1a Unknown
wt1 ciao1 Repression
wt1 ckm Activation
wt1 ctcf Unknown
wt1 ctgf Unknown
wt1 cx3cl1 Unknown
wt1 cxxc5 Activation
wt1 cyp19a1 Repression
wt1 dnmt3a Activation
wt1 egfr Repression
wt1 ereg Unknown
wt1 ets1 Activation
wt1 hbegf Activation
wt1 hbegf Unknown
wt1 hoxa10 Unknown
wt1 igf1 Repression
wt1 igf1r Repression
wt1 igf1r Unknown
wt1 igf2 Repression
wt1 igf2 Unknown
wt1 il2rb Unknown
wt1 irf8 Repression
wt1 itgax Activation
wt1 jun Activation
wt1 junb Unknown
wt1 klk3 Unknown
wt1 myb Repression
wt1 myc Repression
wt1 myc Unknown
wt1 mycn Repression
wt1 ndrg2 Activation
wt1 nov Unknown
wt1 nphs1 Unknown
wt1 nr5a1 Unknown
wt1 odc1 Activation
wt1 pax2 Repression
wt1 pdgfa Repression
wt1 pdgfa Unknown
wt1 podxl Activation
wt1 smad3 Activation
wt1 snai2 Unknown
wt1 sry Activation
wt1 stim1 Repression
wt1 tbxa2r Repression
wt1 tert Repression
wt1 thbs1 Activation
wt1 thbs1 Repression
wt1 u2af2 Unknown
wt1 ube2i Repression
wt1 vdr Activation
wt1 vdr Unknown
wt1 vegfa Activation
wt1 vegfa Unknown
wt1 vegfb Unknown
wt1 wtap Unknown
wwp1 erbb4 Repression
wwp1 spart Unknown
wwp1 tgfbr1 Repression
wwtr1 asns Repression
wwtr1 bak1 Activation
wwtr1 bax Activation
wwtr1 igfbp1 Unknown
wwtr1 ltbr Activation
wwtr1 smad3 Activation
xbp1 ccl2 Unknown
xbp1 cxcl8 Unknown
xbp1 ddit3 Unknown
xbp1 edem2 Unknown
xbp1 ern1 Unknown
xbp1 erp29 Repression
xbp1 esr1 Activation
xbp1 gad1 Unknown
xbp1 hspa1a Unknown
xbp1 hspa5 Activation
xbp1 hspa5 Unknown
xbp1 il6 Unknown
xbp1 nos2 Unknown
xbp1 nppb Activation
xbp1 prnp Unknown
xbp1 ptger4 Unknown
xbp1 sod2 Unknown
xbp1 vegfa Unknown
xbp1 wfs1 Unknown
xbp1 zhx2 Unknown
xpc casp2 Repression
xpc cpd Unknown
xpc kin Activation
xpc rnf111 Repression
xrcc5 cd40 Unknown
xrcc5 erbb2 Unknown
xrcc5 ets1 Repression
xrcc6 cd40 Unknown
xrcc6 erbb2 Unknown
ybx1 abcb1 Activation
ybx1 abcb1 Repression
ybx1 abcb1 Unknown
ybx1 agt Activation
ybx1 anapc4 Repression
ybx1 ar Unknown
ybx1 ccnb1 Repression
ybx1 ccnc Repression
ybx1 cdc20 Repression
ybx1 cdh1 Activation
ybx1 cdkn3 Activation
ybx1 cks2 Repression
ybx1 cxcr4 Activation
ybx1 e2f1 Unknown
ybx1 egfr Activation
ybx1 erbb2 Activation
ybx1 erbb2 Unknown
ybx1 erbb3 Activation
ybx1 fas Repression
ybx1 kpna2 Repression
ybx1 met Activation
ybx1 mia Unknown
ybx1 mmp13 Repression
ybx1 mmp2 Unknown
ybx1 mnat1 Repression
ybx1 mycn Activation
ybx1 rad9a Activation
ybx1 rbbp8 Repression
ybx1 skp2 Repression
ybx1 slc6a4 Unknown
ybx1 sumo1 Repression
ybx1 top2a Unknown
ybx1 tyms Repression
yeats4 tp53 Repression
yy1 actc1 Repression
yy1 adora2a Unknown
yy1 apc Repression
yy1 aph1a Activation
yy1 atp2c1 Activation
yy1 bdkrb1 Unknown
yy1 brca1 Unknown
yy1 cbx5 Unknown
yy1 ccl13 Unknown
yy1 ccr5 Repression
yy1 cetp Unknown
yy1 cftr Activation
yy1 cftr Unknown
yy1 col1a2 Unknown
yy1 cox6a1 Unknown
yy1 cox7c Activation
yy1 crebbp Repression
yy1 crebbp Unknown
yy1 ctcf Activation
yy1 cxcr4 Repression
yy1 cxcr4 Unknown
yy1 cyp3a5 Unknown
yy1 dbh Activation
yy1 dek Unknown
yy1 dnajb4 Activation
yy1 egfr Activation
yy1 epas1 Repression
yy1 erbb2 Activation
yy1 erbb2 Unknown
yy1 ercc5 Activation
yy1 fas Repression
yy1 fcer1a Activation
yy1 fcgr2b Unknown
yy1 fcgr3b Unknown
yy1 fdps Unknown
yy1 fmo3 Unknown
yy1 gbp1 Unknown
yy1 gdap1 Activation
yy1 gnas Unknown
yy1 has2 Repression
yy1 hbe1 Unknown
yy1 hcfc1 Unknown
yy1 hdac1 Unknown
yy1 hdac2 Unknown
yy1 hdac3 Unknown
yy1 hif1a Unknown
yy1 hla_dra Unknown
yy1 hoxb13 Repression
yy1 hoxb7 Unknown
yy1 hsd3b2 Activation
yy1 hspa5 Activation
yy1 ifnb1 Unknown
yy1 ifng Activation
yy1 ifng Repression
yy1 ifng Unknown
yy1 il1b Unknown
yy1 il4 Activation
yy1 il5 Activation
yy1 il5 Unknown
yy1 ino80 Unknown
yy1 irf7 Unknown
yy1 ivl Unknown
yy1 kir3dl1 Unknown
yy1 ldlr Unknown
yy1 lrig2 Unknown
yy1 lss Unknown
yy1 muc4 Repression
yy1 myc Activation
yy1 myc Repression
yy1 myc Unknown
yy1 nf1 Activation
yy1 nos2 Unknown
yy1 nr3c1 Unknown
yy1 oprm1 Unknown
yy1 parp1 Unknown
yy1 pcna Activation
yy1 pcna Unknown
yy1 pdia6 Repression
yy1 peg3 Unknown
yy1 postn Repression
yy1 prdm2 Activation
yy1 sap30 Unknown
yy1 slc26a3 Unknown
yy1 smad7 Unknown
yy1 snrpn Unknown
yy1 star Unknown
yy1 surf1 Activation
yy1 surf1 Unknown
yy1 surf2 Activation
yy1 tdo2 Unknown
yy1 tf Unknown
yy1 tfap2a Activation
yy1 tfrc Unknown
yy1 tnfrsf10b Activation
yy1 tnfrsf10b Repression
yy1 top3a Activation
yy1 tp53 Activation
yy1 tp53 Repression
yy1 tp53 Unknown
yy1 tp73 Activation
yy1 tsix Unknown
yy1 vegfb Activation
yy1 vwf Unknown
yy1 wdfy4 Unknown
yy1 znf175 Activation
zbtb14 fhl2 Activation
zbtb16 bcl2 Repression
zbtb16 bid Repression
zbtb16 ccna2 Repression
zbtb16 ccna2 Unknown
zbtb16 cebpa Unknown
zbtb16 crabp1 Activation
zbtb16 cxcr4 Activation
zbtb16 gfi1 Unknown
zbtb16 id2 Unknown
zbtb16 lef1 Unknown
zbtb16 sox9 Activation
zbtb17 cdkn1a Repression
zbtb17 cdkn1a Unknown
zbtb17 cdkn2b Unknown
zbtb2 arf1 Repression
zbtb2 cdkn1a Repression
zbtb2 mdm2 Activation
zbtb2 tp53 Repression
zbtb5 cdkn1a Repression
zbtb7a cdkn2a Repression
zbtb7a fos Repression
zbtb7a myc Repression
zbtb7a pfkp Repression
zbtb7a pkm Repression
zbtb7a slc2a3 Repression
zeb1 ar Unknown
zeb1 bcl6 Repression
zeb1 cdh1 Activation
zeb1 cdh1 Repression
zeb1 cdh1 Unknown
zeb1 col4a3 Unknown
zeb1 cxadr Repression
zeb1 epcam Repression
zeb1 grhl2 Repression
zeb1 itgb4 Unknown
zeb1 lamc2 Unknown
zeb1 muc1 Repression
zeb1 pkp3 Repression
zeb1 pou5f1 Activation
zeb1 sprr1b Activation
zeb2 cdh1 Repression
zeb2 cxadr Repression
zeb2 itga5 Activation
zeb2 meox2 Repression
zeb2 pou5f1 Activation
zeb2 vim Activation
zfhx3 afp Repression
zfhx3 cdkn1a Activation
zfhx3 muc5ac Repression
zfhx3 myb Repression
zfp36 cxcl8 Repression
zfp36 elavl1 Activation
zfp36 hif1a Activation
zfp36 hif1a Repression
zfp36 il2 Repression
zfp36 il6 Repression
zfp36 lats2 Repression
zfp36 serpinb2 Unknown
zfp36 vegfa Repression
zfp36l1 vegfa Repression
zhx2 afp Repression
zhx2 ccna2 Repression
zhx2 ccne1 Repression
zhx2 hnf1a Unknown
zic1 bcl2l13 Activation
zic1 eif3m Activation
zic1 fam57a Activation
zic1 jund Activation
zic2 slc13a4 Unknown
zic2 tcf4 Repression
zic3 nppa Unknown
zmynd11 il6 Activation
znf143 bub1b Activation
znf143 esco2 Unknown
znf143 pcyt1a Activation
znf143 taldo1 Unknown
znf148 adora2a Unknown
znf148 cdkn2a Unknown
znf148 cxcl5 Unknown
znf148 gast Activation
znf148 irs2 Unknown
znf148 mmp3 Activation
znf148 odc1 Unknown
znf148 sox18 Repression
znf148 vim Repression
znf148 vim Unknown
znf160 tlr4 Repression
znf175 ntf3 Activation
znf202 abca1 Repression
znf202 amacr Unknown
znf202 pomgnt1 Repression
znf217 cdh1 Repression
znf224 aldoa Repression
znf224 vdr Activation
znf239 rbp3 Repression
znf24 ccnd1 Activation
znf24 ctnnb1 Activation
znf24 msln Unknown
znf24 pdgfrb Repression
znf24 vegfa Repression
znf267 mmp10 Repression
znf300 cdkn1a Repression
znf300 cdkn1b Repression
znf300 cxcl8 Activation
znf300 il6 Activation
znf300 myc Activation
znf335 rest Unknown
znf350 atxn2 Activation
znf350 hmga2 Repression
znf350 rbbp8 Unknown
znf350 trim28 Unknown
znf382 cdk6 Repression
znf382 hmga2 Repression
znf382 id1 Repression
znf382 ikbke Repression
znf382 jun Repression
znf382 mitf Repression
znf382 myc Repression
znf382 nfkb1 Repression
znf382 stat3 Repression
znf382 stat5b Repression
znf383 jun Repression
znf410 mmp1 Unknown
znf423 brca1 Unknown
znf444 scarf1 Activation
znf76 cdkn1a Repression
znf76 pcyt1a Activation
znf76 taldo1 Unknown
znrd1 abcb1 Activation
znrd1 bcl2 Activation
