aatf bak1 Unknown
aatf bax Unknown
aatf bbc3 Unknown
aatf cdkn1a Unknown
aatf tpt1 Activation
aatf trp53 Activation
abl1 trp53 Unknown
abl1 trp73 Unknown
aebp2 jarid2 Unknown
aebp2 snai2 Unknown
aes ihh Activation
ahr abcc4 Unknown
ahr apaf1 Unknown
ahr cyp19a1 Activation
ahr cyp1a1 Activation
ahr cyp1a1 Unknown
ahr cyp1a2 Unknown
ahr cyp1b1 Unknown
ahr e2f2 Unknown
ahr gata4 Repression
ahr gsta1 Activation
ahr il17a Repression
ahr il17a Unknown
ahr il6 Repression
ahr lhb Unknown
ahr nkx2_5 Repression
ahr nqo1 Activation
ahr nqo1 Unknown
ahr pla2g4a Activation
ahr ptgs2 Activation
ahr serpinb2 Unknown
ahr sim1 Unknown
ahr smoc2 Unknown
ahr snai2 Activation
ahr ugt1a6a Activation
ahr vav3 Activation
aire bmp2 Unknown
aire f11 Activation
alx4 fgf10 Activation
ankrd1 myl2 Repression
ankrd1 nppa Repression
apbb1 lrp1 Repression
apbb1 notch1 Unknown
apc ctnnb1 Unknown
apc myc Repression
apc spp1 Activation
apc tcf4 Activation
apc trp53 Repression
apex1 apod Unknown
apex1 blk Activation
apex1 ccl12 Activation
apex1 nfkb1 Activation
apex1 nfkb1 Unknown
apex1 pax5 Activation
apex1 ptgs2 Activation
apex1 rela Activation
apex1 tlr4 Repression
ar ccr2 Activation
ar cga Repression
ar fkbp5 Unknown
ar foxa1 Unknown
ar klkb1 Unknown
ar nkx3_1 Activation
ar nkx3_1 Unknown
ar nr0b1 Repression
ar psat1 Unknown
ar runx2 Repression
ar scnn1a Activation
ar sox2 Repression
ar tnf Activation
ar rsl Activation
arid3a cr2 Unknown
arid3a igh Activation
arid3b igh Activation
arid5b sox9 Unknown
arl6ip5 parp1 Repression
arl6ip5 xrcc1 Activation
arnt atxn3 Unknown
arnt cyp1a1 Activation
arnt cyp1a2 Unknown
arnt cyp1b1 Unknown
arnt e2f2 Unknown
arnt sim1 Unknown
arnt th Repression
arntl bhlhe40 Activation
arntl bhlhe40 Unknown
arntl bhlhe41 Unknown
arntl ctnnb1 Unknown
arntl cxcl5 Unknown
arntl dbp Unknown
arntl maoa Unknown
arntl nfe2l2 Repression
arntl per1 Activation
arntl per1 Unknown
arntl per2 Activation
arntl tcf3 Unknown
arntl vwf Repression
arntl wnt10a Unknown
arntl2 thbd Unknown
arx kdm5c Unknown
arx shh Activation
ascl1 bub1 Activation
ascl1 cdkn2d Activation
ascl1 dll3 Unknown
ascl1 dll4 Activation
ascl1 hes5 Unknown
ascl1 pdgfra Activation
ascl1 phox2a Activation
ascl1 rnd3 Activation
ascl1 tph2 Activation
ash1l tgfb1 Unknown
ash1l timp1 Unknown
asxl1 fabp4 Unknown
atf1 cebpb Unknown
atf1 hspa5 Activation
atf1 nudt1 Unknown
atf1 thbs1 Unknown
atf2 ccnd1 Activation
atf2 cebpa Activation
atf2 entpd1 Activation
atf2 fgf21 Activation
atf2 fos Activation
atf2 gabrb3 Activation
atf2 il23a Repression
atf2 ins2 Activation
atf2 ins2 Unknown
atf2 per1 Unknown
atf2 pparg Activation
atf2 rela Activation
atf2 rhob Activation
atf2 serpinb5 Activation
atf2 sox9 Unknown
atf2 tnf Unknown
atf2 ucp1 Unknown
atf3 atf3 Repression
atf3 ccnd1 Activation
atf3 gck Unknown
atf3 il12b Repression
atf3 il6 Repression
atf3 pdx1 Repression
atf3 sort1 Repression
atf3 tnfrsf10b Activation
atf4 bglap3 Unknown
atf4 cdkn1a Activation
atf4 cdkn1b Activation
atf4 ddr2 Activation
atf4 fgf15 Activation
atf4 fgf2 Unknown
atf4 hspa5 Activation
atf4 ihh Unknown
atf4 il6 Activation
atf4 mcm7 Unknown
atf4 mir106b Unknown
atf4 sphk2 Activation
atf4 trib3 Unknown
atf6 hspa5 Activation
atf6 wbp1 Activation
atm cdkn1a Repression
atm sp7 Activation
atm trp53 Activation
atm trp53 Unknown
atoh1 barhl1 Activation
atoh1 hes6 Activation
atoh1 nr2f6 Activation
atoh1 pou4f3 Unknown
bach1 hbb Repression
bach1 hmox1 Repression
bach1 hmox1 Unknown
bach1 mmp1a Activation
bach1 trp53 Repression
bach2 prdm1 Repression
barx2 acta2 Unknown
barx2 l1cam Activation
barx2 l1cam Unknown
barx2 pax1 Unknown
batf2 ccl5 Activation
batf2 nos2 Activation
batf2 tnf Activation
batf3 irf8 Activation
bcl11a frzb Activation
bcl11b ahr Repression
bcl11b bcl2l1 Activation
bcl11b cdkn1b Activation
bcl11b foxp3 Unknown
bcl11b gfi1 Unknown
bcl11b il10 Unknown
bcl11b notch1 Unknown
bcl11b runx3 Repression
bcl11b zbtb7b Repression
bcl3 ccnd1 Unknown
bcl3 ctsl Unknown
bcl3 cxcl10 Unknown
bcl3 fbxo32 Unknown
bcl3 ifng Unknown
bcl3 il23a Unknown
bcl3 nfkb1 Repression
bcl3 nfkb1 Unknown
bcl3 nfkb2 Unknown
bcl3 nos1 Unknown
bcl3 runx1 Unknown
bcl3 tnf Repression
bcl3 tnf Unknown
bcl3 tnfaip3 Activation
bcl3 tnfrsf12a Unknown
bcl3 trim63 Unknown
bcl3 ubc Unknown
bcl6 batf Repression
bcl6 bcl6 Repression
bcl6 cdkn1a Repression
bcl6 cdkn1b Repression
bcl6 cdkn2b Repression
bcl6 csf1r Activation
bcl6 gadd45a Repression
bcl6 gata3 Activation
bcl6 gata3 Repression
bcl6 hdac7 Repression
bcl6 ifng Unknown
bcl6 il17a Unknown
bcl6 il9 Repression
bcl6 mir21a Repression
bcl6 myc Activation
bcl6 prdm1 Repression
bcl6 rorc Unknown
bcl6 socs2 Unknown
bcl6 tbx21 Unknown
bcl6b rbpj Unknown
bhlhe40 il2ra Activation
bmi1 cdk1 Unknown
bmi1 cdkn1a Repression
bmi1 cdkn1a Unknown
bmi1 cdkn2a Activation
bmi1 cdkn2a Repression
bmi1 cdkn2a Unknown
bmi1 cdkn2d Repression
bmi1 dkk1 Unknown
bmi1 e4f1 Activation
bmi1 hmga2 Repression
bmi1 ikzf1 Repression
bmi1 nanog Activation
bmi1 nanog Repression
bmi1 nfkb1 Activation
bmi1 pmaip1 Unknown
bmi1 pten Unknown
bmp4 chst11 Activation
bmp6 mycn Unknown
brca1 akt1 Activation
brca1 cdkn1a Activation
brca1 hmga2 Repression
brca1 mad2l1 Activation
brca1 mdm2 Activation
brca1 rad51 Activation
brca1 sirt1 Activation
brca1 tpt1 Activation
brca2 cdkn1a Repression
btg2 atoh1 Activation
btg2 creb1 Activation
bub3 apod Unknown
cbfa2t3 epb42 Unknown
cbx6 ccne1 Repression
ccnd1 cdkn2a Activation
cd7 nfkb1 Activation
cdx1 ccl25 Unknown
cdx1 cdx2 Unknown
cdx1 mafb Repression
cdx2 ccl25 Unknown
cdx2 cdh17 Activation
cdx2 cdx1 Unknown
cdx2 cdx4 Unknown
cdx2 glb1 Unknown
cdx2 heph Activation
cdx2 kitl Activation
cdx2 mgam Unknown
cdx2 nanog Repression
cdx2 nanog Unknown
cdx2 pou5f1 Repression
cdx2 shh Repression
cdx2 sis Activation
cdx2 xist Activation
cdx4 hoxa9 Unknown
cebpa abca3 Unknown
cebpa alb Unknown
cebpa aldh3a1 Unknown
cebpa amelx Activation
cebpa apod Unknown
cebpa bcl2 Activation
cebpa cflar Activation
cebpa clu Activation
cebpa crabp2 Repression
cebpa elane Unknown
cebpa il12b Activation
cebpa il4 Activation
cebpa lpin1 Activation
cebpa mstn Unknown
cebpa nfkb1 Activation
cebpa nos2 Activation
cebpa nr1h3 Unknown
cebpa pck1 Activation
cebpa prtn3 Unknown
cebpa ptgs2 Activation
cebpa ptgs2 Unknown
cebpa scgb1a1 Activation
cebpa slc2a4 Activation
cebpa spi1 Unknown
cebpa zbtb16 Unknown
cebpb abl1 Unknown
cebpb abl2 Unknown
cebpb alb Unknown
cebpb aldh3a1 Unknown
cebpb atf3 Unknown
cebpb bcl2 Activation
cebpb bglap Unknown
cebpb btg2 Unknown
cebpb cdkn1a Unknown
cebpb cebpa Activation
cebpb cebpa Unknown
cebpb clu Activation
cebpb cr2 Unknown
cebpb csf1r Repression
cebpb csf3 Activation
cebpb csf3 Unknown
cebpb csn2 Unknown
cebpb cxcr4 Unknown
cebpb cyr61 Unknown
cebpb fos Activation
cebpb fos Unknown
cebpb foxf1 Activation
cebpb gsta2 Activation
cebpb h2_k1 Activation
cebpb hgf Unknown
cebpb id2 Unknown
cebpb il1b Activation
cebpb il5ra Unknown
cebpb il6 Unknown
cebpb insr Unknown
cebpb mafb Unknown
cebpb myc Repression
cebpb pck1 Activation
cebpb pparg Activation
cebpb ppargc1a Activation
cebpb ptgs1 Unknown
cebpb ptgs2 Activation
cebpb ptgs2 Unknown
cebpb runx2 Repression
cebpb runx2 Unknown
cebpb scgb1a1 Repression
cebpb serpine1 Activation
cebpb slc10a1 Unknown
cebpb snrpn Unknown
cebpb socs3 Unknown
cebpb trp53 Unknown
cebpb ucp1 Activation
cebpe mxd1 Unknown
cebpg cebpa Repression
cebpg cebpb Repression
cebpg il6 Unknown
cebpz hspa1b Activation
chd1 ubtfl1 Activation
chd4 cd4 Activation
chd4 id2 Repression
chd4 jun Repression
chd4 ngfr Repression
chd7 gli3 Unknown
chd7 jag1 Activation
chd7 mycn Unknown
chd7 sox11 Activation
chd7 sox4 Activation
chd8 brca1 Unknown
chd8 myc Unknown
chd8 stat3 Repression
chd8 tcf4 Repression
ciita col1a2 Unknown
ciita nfatc1 Activation
ciita oscar Activation
cited2 cebpa Activation
cited2 fgf9 Repression
cited2 ldhb Activation
cited2 ldhd Activation
cited2 mmp9 Activation
cited2 nr5a1 Activation
cited2 pdk2 Activation
cited2 pdk4 Activation
cited2 pparg Activation
cited2 smad3 Activation
cited2 wnt4 Activation
clock bhlhe40 Activation
clock bhlhe41 Activation
clock bhlhe40 Unknown
clock bhlhe41 Unknown
clock cry1 Activation
clock cry2 Activation
clock dbp Unknown
clock nr0b2 Activation
clock nampt Activation
clock per1 Activation
clock per1 Unknown
clock per2 Activation
clock scnn1a Unknown
clock serpine1 Activation
clock serpine2 Activation
clock thbd Unknown
clock tpo Unknown
clock vwf Unknown
cnot3 myc Unknown
cnot3 zfx Unknown
cnot7 tob1 Activation
cops5 hand2 Unknown
creb1 acsl4 Unknown
creb1 bcl2 Unknown
creb1 cftr Unknown
creb1 cldn11 Unknown
creb1 crtc2 Unknown
creb1 entpd1 Activation
creb1 esr1 Unknown
creb1 etv2 Unknown
creb1 etv3 Activation
creb1 fos Activation
creb1 fos Repression
creb1 fos Unknown
creb1 hspa5 Activation
creb1 il10 Activation
creb1 ldha Unknown
creb1 mif Activation
creb1 mitf Activation
creb1 nf1 Unknown
creb1 nfkbiz Unknown
creb1 nmnat2 Unknown
creb1 noct Activation
creb1 nrf1 Unknown
creb1 pde3b Unknown
creb1 penk Unknown
creb1 ppargc1a Unknown
creb1 ppm1d Unknown
creb1 prkce Unknown
creb1 ptgs2 Activation
creb1 ptgs2 Unknown
creb1 nectin2 Unknown
creb1 ren1 Activation
creb1 slc20a1 Activation
creb1 slc2a3 Activation
creb1 twist1 Unknown
creb3 apoa4 Unknown
creb3 herpud1 Activation
creb3l1 gcm1 Unknown
creb3l1 mmp3 Activation
creb3l1 slc1a4 Repression
creb3l3 hamp Unknown
creb3l3 smurf1 Activation
creb3l4 edem1 Activation
crebbp alx1 Activation
crebbp bcl2 Unknown
crebbp birc5 Activation
crebbp tdgf1 Unknown
crebbp clock Unknown
crebbp crebbp Repression
crebbp crx Activation
crebbp cryab Activation
crebbp cyp11a1 Activation
crebbp ep300 Unknown
crebbp esr1 Unknown
crebbp f7 Unknown
crebbp fos Activation
crebbp fosb Unknown
crebbp foxp3 Activation
crebbp fth1 Repression
crebbp gh Unknown
crebbp grip1 Unknown
crebbp hgf Unknown
crebbp hmox1 Activation
crebbp ifnb1 Unknown
crebbp il6 Unknown
crebbp krt16 Unknown
crebbp ldha Unknown
crebbp med1 Unknown
crebbp hinfp Activation
crebbp mt1 Activation
crebbp myh1 Unknown
crebbp nfkb1 Activation
crebbp nfya Unknown
crebbp nfyb Unknown
crebbp npas2 Unknown
crebbp per1 Unknown
crebbp rs1 Unknown
crebbp setdb1 Repression
crebbp socs3 Unknown
crebbp spib Activation
crebbp sst Unknown
crebbp star Unknown
crebbp tnf Activation
crebbp tnf Unknown
crebbp trp53 Activation
crebbp trp53 Unknown
crebzf adipoq Repression
crem ren1 Activation
crtc1 creb1 Activation
crx fam161a Unknown
crx kcnv2 Activation
crx nr2e3 Activation
crx pde6a Activation
crx pde6b Activation
crx pde6b Unknown
crx rbp3 Activation
crx rbp3 Repression
crx rho Repression
crx rho Unknown
crx rs1 Activation
crx sag Activation
crx sag Unknown
crx samd11 Unknown
crx samd7 Unknown
cry1 per2 Unknown
csf1 cd36 Activation
csf2 itgb3 Unknown
ctcf atxn7 Unknown
ctcf celsr3 Unknown
ctcf csf2 Unknown
ctcf igf2 Unknown
ctcf irak2 Unknown
ctcf mgat5b Activation
ctcf pax6 Repression
ctcf pax6 Unknown
ctcfl gal3st1 Activation
ctf1 tgfb1 Unknown
ctnnb1 atoh1 Unknown
ctnnb1 axin2 Activation
ctnnb1 axin2 Unknown
ctnnb1 bcl2l1 Activation
ctnnb1 bglap Unknown
ctnnb1 bglap2 Activation
ctnnb1 birc5 Activation
ctnnb1 bmp4 Activation
ctnnb1 casp3 Unknown
ctnnb1 ccl7 Repression
ctnnb1 ccnd1 Activation
ctnnb1 ccnd1 Unknown
ctnnb1 ccne1 Activation
ctnnb1 cdh1 Unknown
ctnnb1 cdx1 Unknown
ctnnb1 cdx2 Activation
ctnnb1 cdx4 Unknown
ctnnb1 cyp19a1 Activation
ctnnb1 cyp2b10 Activation
ctnnb1 e2f1 Repression
ctnnb1 ephb2 Unknown
ctnnb1 fas Unknown
ctnnb1 fgf8 Unknown
ctnnb1 fgfbp1 Activation
ctnnb1 vegfd Activation
ctnnb1 foxa2 Repression
ctnnb1 foxj1 Unknown
ctnnb1 gast Activation
ctnnb1 gja1 Activation
ctnnb1 gja1 Unknown
ctnnb1 glul Activation
ctnnb1 grem2 Activation
ctnnb1 ihh Repression
ctnnb1 inha Unknown
ctnnb1 isl1 Unknown
ctnnb1 lect2 Activation
ctnnb1 lef1 Activation
ctnnb1 lhb Activation
ctnnb1 met Unknown
ctnnb1 mitf Unknown
ctnnb1 mmp13 Activation
ctnnb1 mmp7 Activation
ctnnb1 mmp7 Unknown
ctnnb1 myc Unknown
ctnnb1 mycn Activation
ctnnb1 myf5 Activation
ctnnb1 nanog Activation
ctnnb1 neurog1 Unknown
ctnnb1 nr0b1 Activation
ctnnb1 otx2 Unknown
ctnnb1 pdgfra Unknown
ctnnb1 pitx2 Activation
ctnnb1 pml Activation
ctnnb1 ppard Activation
ctnnb1 ptgs2 Activation
ctnnb1 ptgs2 Unknown
ctnnb1 rapsn Repression
ctnnb1 runx2 Activation
ctnnb1 slc2a1 Activation
ctnnb1 smc3 Unknown
ctnnb1 tbx3 Unknown
ctnnb1 tcf4 Activation
ctnnb1 twist1 Activation
ctnnb1 twist1 Unknown
ctnnb1 vegfa Activation
ctnnb1 wisp1 Activation
ctnnb1 wnt1 Activation
ctnnb1 wnt4 Unknown
ctr9 il6 Unknown
cux1 atp6v1e2 Unknown
cux1 ccna2 Activation
cux1 cdkn1a Repression
cux1 cdkn1b Repression
cux1 dctn6 Repression
cux1 fam89b Repression
cux1 hist2h4 Activation
cux1 mar_01 Unknown
cux1 myc Unknown
cux1 ncam1 Repression
cux1 pola1 Unknown
cux1 runx2 Repression
cux1 sis Repression
cux2 cdkn1b Unknown
dab2 axin1 Repression
dach1 ccnd1 Repression
dach1 cdkn1b Unknown
dach1 cxcl15 Repression
dach1 klf4 Unknown
dach1 lin28a Unknown
dach1 nanog Repression
dach1 sox2 Repression
dach2 myog Repression
daxx birc2 Unknown
daxx birc3 Unknown
daxx nr5a1 Activation
daxx mapk8ip1 Unknown
daxx trp53 Repression
dbp arnt Activation
dbp bik Activation
dbp per1 Activation
ddit3 bbc3 Activation
ddit3 nos3 Repression
ddx5 igf2 Unknown
ddx54 mbp Activation
ddx58 ifnb1 Activation
deaf1 eif4g3 Unknown
dlx1 arx Activation
dlx2 amelx Unknown
dlx2 arx Activation
dlx2 dlx6 Activation
dlx2 foxj1 Unknown
dlx2 nrp2 Repression
dlx2 pagr1a Unknown
dlx3 bglap Activation
dlx3 dspp Unknown
dlx3 hsd3b6 Unknown
dlx3 mmp9 Activation
dlx3 pgf Unknown
dlx3 runx2 Activation
dlx5 alpl Activation
dlx5 dspp Unknown
dlx5 gbx2 Unknown
dlx5 ibsp Activation
dlx5 igfbp3 Unknown
dlx5 myc Activation
dlx5 runx2 Activation
dlx5 runx2 Unknown
dlx5 sp7 Activation
dlx5 wnt5a Activation
dmap1 bmi1 Unknown
dmbx1 crx Repression
dmbx1 otx1 Repression
dmbx1 otx2 Repression
dmp1 trp53 Activation
dmrt1 sox2 Repression
dmrt2 myf5 Activation
dmtf1 areg Repression
dmtf1 ccnd2 Unknown
dmtf1 cdkn2a Activation
dmtf1 cdkn2a Unknown
dmtf1 egr1 Repression
dmtf1 ets1 Unknown
dmtf1 ets2 Unknown
dmtf1 junb Repression
dmtf1 tsp1 Repression
dnajc2 id1 Activation
dnmt1 cdkn1a Unknown
dnmt1 dnmt1 Unknown
dnmt1 mt1 Unknown
dnmt1 epcam Unknown
dnmt1 trp53 Unknown
dnmt3a dpp6 Unknown
dnmt3a ifng Unknown
dnmt3a mdm2 Activation
dnmt3a mt1 Unknown
dnmt3a nanog Repression
dnmt3a pou5f1 Repression
dnmt3a rb1 Repression
dnmt3a vtn Activation
dnmt3a vtn Unknown
dnmt3b nanog Repression
dnmt3b pou5f1 Repression
dnmt3b vtn Unknown
dot1l scnn1a Repression
dtx1 smarcc1 Repression
e2f1 apaf1 Unknown
e2f1 atm Activation
e2f1 atp6v1e2 Unknown
e2f1 bcl2 Repression
e2f1 bid Activation
e2f1 bin1 Repression
e2f1 bmi1 Activation
e2f1 ccna2 Unknown
e2f1 ccnd1 Repression
e2f1 ccnd1 Unknown
e2f1 cdkn1a Activation
e2f1 cdkn2a Activation
e2f1 cdkn2a Unknown
e2f1 cdkn2c Activation
e2f1 ddb2 Activation
e2f1 dhfr Unknown
e2f1 dlx1 Repression
e2f1 dlx2 Repression
e2f1 dnmt1 Repression
e2f1 dnmt1 Unknown
e2f1 egr1 Activation
e2f1 fbn2 Activation
e2f1 gins3 Unknown
e2f1 hinfp Repression
e2f1 hmga1 Activation
e2f1 mcl1 Repression
e2f1 mcm8 Unknown
e2f1 mertk Unknown
e2f1 mxd3 Unknown
e2f1 mycn Activation
e2f1 mycn Unknown
e2f1 myh10 Activation
e2f1 nfe2l2 Unknown
e2f1 nfkb1 Unknown
e2f1 nos2 Unknown
e2f1 nox4 Activation
e2f1 npat Activation
e2f1 nrp1 Repression
e2f1 pcna Activation
e2f1 pdgfra Unknown
e2f1 pdk4 Repression
e2f1 pola1 Activation
e2f1 pura Activation
e2f1 rb1 Repression
e2f1 siva1 Activation
e2f1 tapbp Activation
e2f1 tapbp Repression
e2f1 tgfb2 Unknown
e2f1 tk1 Unknown
e2f1 tlr3 Repression
e2f1 tpt1 Unknown
e2f1 trp53 Repression
e2f1 trp53 Unknown
e2f1 trp73 Unknown
e2f1 vegfa Repression
e2f2 cdkn2a Activation
e2f2 chek1 Repression
e2f2 ece1 Unknown
e2f2 fgfr2 Activation
e2f2 mcm5 Repression
e2f3 cdkn2a Activation
e2f3 ddb2 Unknown
e2f3 fgf2 Unknown
e2f3 igf2 Activation
e2f3 mycn Unknown
e2f3 pmp2 Activation
e2f3 tfe3 Unknown
e2f4 brca1 Repression
e2f4 e2f2 Activation
e2f4 fgf2 Unknown
e2f4 map1lc3b Activation
e2f4 mybl2 Activation
e2f4 mycn Unknown
e2f4 plk4 Unknown
e2f4 rad51 Repression
e2f4 rb1 Repression
e2f4 stmn1 Unknown
e2f5 mir449a Unknown
e2f8 e2f1 Repression
e4f1 ccna2 Repression
e4f1 ids Activation
ebf1 blk Activation
ebf1 cd79a Activation
ebf1 igll1 Unknown
ebf1 omp Activation
ebf1 omp Unknown
ebf1 pax5 Activation
ebf1 pparg Activation
ebf1 tac4 Unknown
ebf1 zfp423 Repression
ebf1 zfp521 Activation
ebf1 zfp521 Repression
edn1 ren1 Repression
egr1 ache Unknown
egr1 bax Unknown
egr1 birc5 Unknown
egr1 bnip3 Repression
egr1 cacna1h Unknown
egr1 cat Unknown
egr1 ccl2 Activation
egr1 ccnd1 Unknown
egr1 ccnd2 Unknown
egr1 cdk5r1 Activation
egr1 cdkn1c Activation
egr1 cdkn2d Unknown
egr1 chrna7 Repression
egr1 crebbp Activation
egr1 cxcl2 Activation
egr1 eno1 Unknown
egr1 epo Activation
egr1 f3 Unknown
egr1 fas Unknown
egr1 fgf2 Unknown
egr1 gadd45a Unknown
egr1 gadd45b Unknown
egr1 ggps1 Activation
egr1 gnrh1 Unknown
egr1 hsd11b2 Repression
egr1 icam1 Activation
egr1 id3 Activation
egr1 ifngr1 Unknown
egr1 igf1r Unknown
egr1 il1b Activation
egr1 il2 Activation
egr1 il4 Activation
egr1 itga7 Activation
egr1 itgb6 Repression
egr1 jun Unknown
egr1 jund Activation
egr1 lhb Activation
egr1 lhb Repression
egr1 ltb Unknown
egr1 map1lc3b Activation
egr1 mapk14 Activation
egr1 mapk8 Activation
egr1 met Repression
egr1 mmp14 Activation
egr1 mmp9 Activation
egr1 ndrg1 Unknown
egr1 ngb Unknown
egr1 ngfr Activation
egr1 ngfr Unknown
egr1 nr4a1 Activation
egr1 ntrk1 Unknown
egr1 pdx1 Activation
egr1 pnmt Unknown
egr1 ppp1r1b Activation
egr1 pten Activation
egr1 pten Unknown
egr1 ptges Activation
egr1 ptges Unknown
egr1 ptges2 Unknown
egr1 ptprz1 Activation
egr1 rcan1 Unknown
egr1 serpine1 Activation
egr1 smad7 Unknown
egr1 socs1 Unknown
egr1 stim1 Activation
egr1 syn2 Unknown
egr1 tgfbr2 Unknown
egr1 th Unknown
egr1 thbs1 Activation
egr1 tk1 Activation
egr1 tnf Activation
egr1 tnf Unknown
egr1 trp53 Activation
egr1 trp73 Activation
egr1 wnt4 Unknown
egr1 il12a Activation
egr2 cbl Activation
egr2 cebpb Activation
egr2 fasl Repression
egr2 hoxa2 Activation
egr2 hoxb1 Repression
egr2 hoxb2 Unknown
egr2 id2 Activation
egr2 id2 Unknown
egr2 id4 Unknown
egr2 il2rb Unknown
egr2 mpz Activation
egr2 nab1 Activation
egr2 nab2 Activation
egr2 ncmap Unknown
egr2 zbtb16 Activation
egr2 zbtb16 Repression
egr3 fasl Activation
egr3 fasl Unknown
egr3 ifngr1 Unknown
egr3 ngfr Unknown
egr4 nfkb1 Unknown
egr4 slc12a5 Activation
ehf tlr11 Unknown
ehmt1 ccnd1 Unknown
ehmt2 ccnd1 Unknown
ehmt2 cdkn1a Unknown
ehmt2 fgf21 Repression
ehmt2 pou5f1 Activation
ehmt2 pparg Repression
ehmt2 wnt10a Activation
eif2ak2 stat1 Repression
elf1 cd1d1 Unknown
elf1 csf1r Activation
elf1 dntt Activation
elf1 epha7 Activation
elf1 fcer1a Unknown
elf1 fcer1g Repression
elf1 fli1 Activation
elf1 il3 Unknown
elf1 lyl1 Activation
elf1 rhox5 Activation
elf1 tal1 Unknown
elf1 tollip Repression
elf2 cd3d Activation
elf3 angpt1 Activation
elf3 tgfb1 Unknown
elf3 tgfbr2 Activation
elf3 tgfbr2 Unknown
elf3 tlr11 Unknown
elf4 bglap Unknown
elf4 dlx5 Repression
elf4 mab21l1 Activation
elf4 msx2 Activation
elf4 trp53 Repression
elf5 ccnd2 Repression
elf5 stat5a Unknown
elk1 egr1 Unknown
elk1 fos Activation
elk1 fos Unknown
elk1 hmox1 Activation
elk1 il6 Activation
elk1 mylk Repression
elk1 mylk3 Activation
elk1 tbp Unknown
elk3 nos2 Repression
elk3 pcyt1a Repression
elk3 serpine1 Repression
ell3 trp53 Repression
ell3 zeb1 Activation
ell3 zeb2 Activation
elp2 pou5f1 Activation
elp3 pou5f1 Activation
emx2 alx1 Activation
emx2 pax6 Repression
en1 elf1 Activation
en1 gbx2 Repression
en1 pax5 Activation
en1 wnt7a Repression
en2 pax5 Activation
eomes ebf1 Unknown
eomes il17a Repression
eomes mesp1 Activation
eomes prf1 Unknown
eomes rorc Repression
eomes sox2 Repression
ep300 aldh3a1 Unknown
ep300 axin2 Unknown
ep300 bglap Unknown
ep300 birc5 Unknown
ep300 cox2 Unknown
ep300 cav3 Activation
ep300 ccnb2 Unknown
ep300 ccnd1 Repression
ep300 ccnd1 Unknown
ep300 cdkn1a Activation
ep300 chrne Unknown
ep300 clock Unknown
ep300 col1a2 Repression
ep300 col2a1 Activation
ep300 cpt1b Activation
ep300 creb1 Unknown
ep300 cryab Activation
ep300 dnmt1 Activation
ep300 edn1 Unknown
ep300 f7 Unknown
ep300 fasn Unknown
ep300 flt4 Repression
ep300 fn1 Unknown
ep300 fos Activation
ep300 gata4 Unknown
ep300 hmox1 Activation
ep300 hrh4 Unknown
ep300 il6 Unknown
ep300 irf2 Unknown
ep300 irs1 Unknown
ep300 klf5 Unknown
ep300 ldha Unknown
ep300 mef2c Unknown
ep300 hinfp Activation
ep300 mmp2 Unknown
ep300 mmp9 Activation
ep300 mt1 Activation
ep300 myb Activation
ep300 myod1 Activation
ep300 neurod1 Activation
ep300 nos2 Unknown
ep300 npas2 Unknown
ep300 npr1 Activation
ep300 npr1 Unknown
ep300 nr0b2 Activation
ep300 nr1h4 Repression
ep300 pou5f1 Unknown
ep300 pparg Activation
ep300 ptgs2 Activation
ep300 ptgs2 Unknown
ep300 rarb Unknown
ep300 rs1 Unknown
ep300 scd1 Unknown
ep300 smad3 Unknown
ep300 socs3 Unknown
ep300 spp1 Activation
ep300 stat5a Activation
ep300 tapbp Unknown
ep300 tff2 Repression
ep300 tnfsf10 Activation
ep300 tnfsf13b Activation
ep300 txnip Unknown
ep300 wnt4 Unknown
epas1 abcg2 Unknown
epas1 cdh5 Activation
epas1 cited2 Activation
epas1 col10a1 Activation
epas1 efna1 Unknown
epas1 epo Activation
epas1 epo Unknown
epas1 flt1 Activation
epas1 fxn Repression
epas1 kdr Activation
epas1 pou5f1 Activation
epas1 runx2 Activation
epas1 serpine1 Activation
epas1 vcam1 Unknown
epc1 tagln Activation
epo osm Activation
epor cish Activation
erf utrn Repression
erg cdh5 Unknown
erg erg Activation
erg icam2 Unknown
erg lyl1 Activation
erg snai1 Unknown
erg snai2 Unknown
erg vim Activation
erg vwf Unknown
esr1 bmp2 Activation
esr1 casp12 Unknown
esr1 ccnd1 Unknown
esr1 cdkn1a Repression
esr1 cyp19a1 Unknown
esr1 esrra Unknown
esr1 f12 Activation
esr1 fasl Activation
esr1 fos Unknown
esr1 h19 Activation
esr1 igf1 Activation
esr1 ltf Activation
esr1 myc Unknown
esr1 nell2 Activation
esr1 nr0b2 Unknown
esr1 nrf1 Activation
esr1 pik3r1 Unknown
esr1 pou3f1 Unknown
esr1 pparg Repression
esr1 ptgs1 Activation
esr1 slc2a4 Activation
esr1 slc2a4 Unknown
esr1 slc7a1 Unknown
esr1 srebf1 Unknown
esr1 stat3 Unknown
esr1 stat5a Repression
esr1 tac2 Activation
esr1 th Activation
esr1 tnfsf11 Activation
esr1 vegfa Unknown
esr2 akt1 Activation
esr2 ar Repression
esr2 bcl2 Activation
esr2 bmp2 Activation
esr2 casp3 Repression
esr2 casp8 Repression
esr2 igf1r Repression
esr2 mapk1 Repression
esr2 mapk3 Repression
esr2 mapk8 Repression
esr2 nell2 Activation
esr2 pparg Repression
esr2 ptgds Activation
esr2 ptgs1 Activation
esr2 slc2a4 Repression
esr2 slc2a4 Unknown
esr2 stat5a Repression
esr2 vegfa Unknown
esrra acadm Unknown
esrra apoa4 Activation
esrra nrip1 Activation
esrra ppara Unknown
esrra ppargc1a Activation
esrra rb1cc1 Unknown
esrra spp1 Activation
esrra spp1 Unknown
esrra trp53 Unknown
esrrb nanog Unknown
esrrb nr0b1 Activation
esrrb usp17le Unknown
esrrg mir127 Activation
esrrg mir433 Activation
esrrg nr0b1 Activation
esrrg yy1 Unknown
ets1 emsy Unknown
ets1 angpt2 Activation
ets1 anpep Activation
ets1 bmp4 Activation
ets1 ccl2 Activation
ets1 ccl2 Unknown
ets1 cd3d Activation
ets1 cd4 Activation
ets1 cdh5 Unknown
ets1 cdkn2a Activation
ets1 csf1r Activation
ets1 csf3r Activation
ets1 ctgf Activation
ets1 pf4 Activation
ets1 ebf1 Unknown
ets1 egr1 Unknown
ets1 erg Activation
ets1 fli1 Activation
ets1 fos Unknown
ets1 foxp3 Unknown
ets1 hmox1 Activation
ets1 ighm Activation
ets1 ikzf1 Activation
ets1 il10 Repression
ets1 il5 Activation
ets1 il7r Activation
ets1 itga2b Activation
ets1 kdr Activation
ets1 krt8 Unknown
ets1 ltbr Unknown
ets1 met Unknown
ets1 mir126a Activation
ets1 mmp13 Activation
ets1 mmp1a Activation
ets1 mmp1a Unknown
ets1 mmp3 Unknown
ets1 mmp9 Unknown
ets1 nos3 Unknown
ets1 npr1 Activation
ets1 npr1 Unknown
ets1 nr2f1 Activation
ets1 nr2f2 Unknown
ets1 oprd1 Activation
ets1 pcyt1a Activation
ets1 pcyt1a Unknown
ets1 prdm1 Repression
ets1 ptgs2 Activation
ets1 retnla Activation
ets1 rnf11 Activation
ets1 runx2 Activation
ets1 runx3 Unknown
ets1 sell Activation
ets1 serpinb5 Activation
ets1 sh2d1a Unknown
ets1 spp1 Activation
ets1 tbx21 Unknown
ets1 tgfbr2 Activation
ets1 thbd Unknown
ets1 timp1 Unknown
ets1 tlr4 Activation
ets1 vegfa Unknown
ets1 vwf Activation
ets1 zeb1 Activation
ets1 zeb1 Unknown
ets2 bcl2l1 Activation
ets2 bcl2l1 Unknown
ets2 cd4 Activation
ets2 cdkn2a Activation
ets2 csf1r Activation
ets2 csf3r Activation
ets2 dusp6 Unknown
ets2 egr1 Unknown
ets2 erg Activation
ets2 etv4 Unknown
ets2 fli1 Activation
ets2 flt4 Unknown
ets2 hmox1 Activation
ets2 hmox2 Activation
ets2 ifne Activation
ets2 jun Unknown
ets2 kit Unknown
ets2 krt8 Activation
ets2 mdm2 Activation
ets2 mir126a Activation
ets2 nab2 Activation
ets2 nos2 Activation
ets2 pcyt1a Activation
ets2 setdb1 Unknown
ets2 sh2d1a Unknown
ets2 stab1 Activation
ets2 tlr13 Activation
etv1 ebf1 Repression
etv1 fgf10 Activation
etv1 nab2 Activation
etv1 pomc Activation
etv1 th Unknown
etv2 fli1 Unknown
etv2 lmo2 Activation
etv2 plau Unknown
etv2 sox9 Activation
etv2 spi1 Unknown
etv2 tek Unknown
etv4 ccnd2 Activation
etv4 ccnd2 Repression
etv4 dusp6 Unknown
etv4 erbb2 Repression
etv4 gpx5 Activation
etv4 mmp3 Activation
etv4 mmp7 Activation
etv4 mmp9 Unknown
etv4 mta2 Unknown
etv4 plau Activation
etv4 ptgs2 Activation
etv4 tert Activation
etv4 tgfbr2 Unknown
etv4 twist1 Activation
etv4 vim Activation
etv4 zhx1 Activation
etv5 cav1 Activation
etv5 elmo1 Unknown
etv5 il17a Activation
etv5 il17f Activation
etv5 parg Unknown
etv5 ptgs2 Activation
etv6 fli1 Repression
etv6 mmp3 Repression
ewsr1 fgf10 Activation
ewsr1 tert Activation
ewsr1 upp1 Activation
eya1 atoh1 Activation
eya2 mtor Activation
ezh1 tollip Repression
ezh2 bad Repression
ezh2 bcl2l11 Unknown
ezh2 ccna2 Unknown
ezh2 creb3l1 Unknown
ezh2 dkk1 Unknown
ezh2 hey2 Unknown
ezh2 il17a Activation
ezh2 il17f Activation
ezh2 il9 Repression
ezh2 il17f Activation
ezh2 nanog Repression
ezh2 neurog1 Unknown
ezh2 tbx21 Activation
ezh2 trp53 Unknown
ezh2 unc5b Unknown
fhl2 fos Activation
fli1 ccl2 Activation
fli1 cyr61 Activation
fli1 erg Activation
fli1 ezh2 Activation
fli1 fli1 Activation
fli1 inpp5d Repression
fli1 itga2b Activation
fli1 itga2b Unknown
fli1 lyl1 Activation
fli1 mmp13 Unknown
fli1 rb1 Repression
fli1 smad6 Activation
fli1 tert Activation
fli1 upp1 Activation
fmr1 rac1 Repression
fos acp5 Unknown
fos bdnf Unknown
fos bmp2 Unknown
fos ccl5 Unknown
fos crh Repression
fos csf3 Unknown
fos cxcl15 Unknown
fos dcstamp Unknown
fos egr1 Unknown
fos fam89b Unknown
fos fos Repression
fos fos Unknown
fos gnrh1 Repression
fos gria1 Unknown
fos grik2 Unknown
fos h2_k1 Unknown
fos hmgcr Unknown
fos ifne Activation
fos igk Unknown
fos il1rl1 Unknown
fos il2 Activation
fos il2 Unknown
fos il27 Activation
fos il6 Unknown
fos jun Unknown
fos krt18 Activation
fos mapk8 Unknown
fos mmp2 Unknown
fos mmp9 Repression
fos mt1 Unknown
fos nacc1 Activation
fos nck2 Unknown
fos nefl Activation
fos nfatc1 Unknown
fos nfe2l2 Repression
fos ngf Activation
fos ngf Unknown
fos nos2 Activation
fos nr3c1 Activation
fos pdpn Unknown
fos penk Activation
fos plau Unknown
fos pomc Unknown
fos ppp1r3b Activation
fos spi1 Repression
fos slc10a2 Unknown
fos socs3 Unknown
fos src Activation
fos srr Activation
fos srxn1 Activation
fos star Unknown
fos stim1 Unknown
fos tff2 Repression
fos tgfb1 Activation
fos tinagl1 Unknown
fos tpsab1 Activation
fos trp53 Unknown
fos tslp Unknown
fos wee1 Unknown
fosb cdh1 Repression
fosb fos Repression
fosb mmp2 Unknown
fosl1 fos Repression
fosl1 jun Activation
fosl1 mmp2 Unknown
fosl1 nfe2l2 Repression
fosl1 prdm1 Repression
fosl1 thbs1 Repression
fosl1 thbs2 Repression
fosl2 adipoq Repression
fosl2 relb Activation
fosl2 relb Unknown
fosl2 tcirg1 Unknown
fosl2 tgfb1 Activation
fosl2 tgfb3 Activation
foxa1 afp Activation
foxa1 cbx5 Unknown
foxa1 gcg Activation
foxa1 gcg Unknown
foxa1 muc2 Activation
foxa1 pdx1 Unknown
foxa1 scgb1a1 Unknown
foxa1 sftpa1 Unknown
foxa1 sftpb Unknown
foxa1 sftpc Unknown
foxa1 sftpd Unknown
foxa2 ascl1 Repression
foxa2 birc2 Unknown
foxa2 cbx5 Unknown
foxa2 ccl11 Repression
foxa2 ccl20 Repression
foxa2 cdc73 Unknown
foxa2 cpt1a Unknown
foxa2 cul2 Unknown
foxa2 ferd3l Activation
foxa2 ferd3l Unknown
foxa2 g6pc Repression
foxa2 g6pc2 Unknown
foxa2 gcg Unknown
foxa2 gli2 Unknown
foxa2 hadh Activation
foxa2 hcrt Activation
foxa2 helt Repression
foxa2 hhex Unknown
foxa2 hmgcs2 Unknown
foxa2 il13 Repression
foxa2 il33 Repression
foxa2 il4 Repression
foxa2 lcn5 Repression
foxa2 lcn5 Unknown
foxa2 lmx1a Activation
foxa2 lmx1b Activation
foxa2 map1b Unknown
foxa2 mchr1 Activation
foxa2 msx1 Activation
foxa2 muc2 Activation
foxa2 otx1 Repression
foxa2 otx2 Unknown
foxa2 pdx1 Activation
foxa2 pdx1 Unknown
foxa2 pgf Unknown
foxa2 reg3g Unknown
foxa2 sox17 Activation
foxa2 sox2 Repression
foxa2 st18 Unknown
foxa2 tbx1 Activation
foxa2 tle4 Repression
foxa2 vtn Activation
foxa2 wnt7b Activation
foxa3 cdx2 Activation
foxc1 cxcl12 Activation
foxc1 cxcr4 Activation
foxc1 dll4 Activation
foxc1 dll4 Unknown
foxc1 hey2 Activation
foxc1 msx2 Activation
foxc1 runx2 Activation
foxc1 snai1 Activation
foxc1 tbx1 Activation
foxc2 cxcr4 Activation
foxc2 dll4 Activation
foxc2 dll4 Unknown
foxc2 gja4 Unknown
foxc2 hand1 Activation
foxc2 hey2 Activation
foxc2 itgb3 Unknown
foxc2 tbx1 Activation
foxd1 lhb Activation
foxd1 pgf Activation
foxd3 grb2 Activation
foxg1 cdkn1a Repression
foxg1 cdkn2b Repression
foxg1 dmrt3 Repression
foxg1 dmrta1 Repression
foxg1 ebf2 Repression
foxg1 ebf3 Repression
foxg1 eya2 Repression
foxg1 serpine1 Repression
foxh1 gsc Activation
foxh1 mef2c Activation
foxh1 mixl1 Activation
foxh1 mixl1 Repression
foxh1 nodal Unknown
foxh1 smad2 Unknown
foxi1 slc4a9 Unknown
foxj1 amelx Unknown
foxj1 foxa1 Activation
foxj3 mef2c Activation
foxl1 ccnd1 Activation
foxl1 wnt3a Activation
foxl1 wnt7b Activation
foxl2 fshb Activation
foxl2 mc2r Activation
foxl2 sf1 Repression
foxm1 axin2 Activation
foxm1 brip1 Unknown
foxm1 cdh1 Unknown
foxm1 cdkn2a Unknown
foxm1 ikbkb Unknown
foxm1 lama4 Activation
foxm1 lif Unknown
foxm1 myc Activation
foxm1 mycn Unknown
foxm1 nfkb2 Unknown
foxm1 nr4a2 Unknown
foxm1 pou5f1 Activation
foxm1 prrc2a Unknown
foxm1 ptgs2 Unknown
foxm1 pttg1 Unknown
foxm1 scgb1a1 Unknown
foxm1 sftpb Unknown
foxm1 sftpc Unknown
foxm1 snai1 Activation
foxm1 snai2 Activation
foxm1 socs3 Activation
foxm1 sox2 Unknown
foxm1 stat3 Unknown
foxn1 dsg4 Repression
foxn1 notch1 Activation
foxn4 dll4 Activation
foxo1 adipoq Activation
foxo1 adipor1 Activation
foxo1 akt1 Activation
foxo1 alpl Activation
foxo1 angpt2 Unknown
foxo1 apoc3 Unknown
foxo1 bax Repression
foxo1 bcl2l11 Unknown
foxo1 bglap2 Unknown
foxo1 casp8 Activation
foxo1 ccl2 Activation
foxo1 ccl20 Unknown
foxo1 ccnd1 Repression
foxo1 ccnd2 Repression
foxo1 ccng2 Activation
foxo1 ccr2 Unknown
foxo1 ccr7 Unknown
foxo1 cdkn1a Activation
foxo1 cdkn1a Unknown
foxo1 cdkn1b Activation
foxo1 edn1 Unknown
foxo1 egr1 Repression
foxo1 fasl Unknown
foxo1 foxa2 Unknown
foxo1 foxp3 Unknown
foxo1 fshb Repression
foxo1 g6pc Activation
foxo1 g6pc Repression
foxo1 g6pc Unknown
foxo1 gck Repression
foxo1 igfbp1 Activation
foxo1 ikzf1 Activation
foxo1 il7r Activation
foxo1 ins2 Repression
foxo1 klf2 Unknown
foxo1 lhb Unknown
foxo1 lpl Activation
foxo1 mmp13 Unknown
foxo1 myh7 Activation
foxo1 nos3 Repression
foxo1 ostn Repression
foxo1 pck1 Repression
foxo1 pck1 Unknown
foxo1 pdk4 Activation
foxo1 pdx1 Repression
foxo1 pdx1 Unknown
foxo1 pik3r1 Activation
foxo1 pparg Repression
foxo1 ppargc1a Unknown
foxo1 runx2 Unknown
foxo1 sell Activation
foxo1 sell Unknown
foxo1 srebf1 Repression
foxo1 trib3 Repression
foxo1 trim63 Unknown
foxo1 g6pc Unknown
foxo3 ccnd1 Repression
foxo3 ccnd2 Repression
foxo3 ccng2 Activation
foxo3 cdkn1b Activation
foxo3 gadd45a Activation
foxo3 lcn2 Activation
foxo3 nol3 Activation
foxo3 sirt1 Activation
foxo3 socs3 Activation
foxo4 anxa8 Repression
foxo4 bcl2l11 Unknown
foxo4 ccnd1 Repression
foxo4 ccnd2 Repression
foxo4 gadd45a Activation
foxo4 ppargc1a Unknown
foxo4 rbl2 Activation
foxp1 fgf16 Activation
foxp1 fgf17 Activation
foxp1 fgf20 Activation
foxp1 fgf3 Activation
foxp1 lhx3 Unknown
foxp1 scgb1a1 Repression
foxp2 scgb1a1 Repression
foxp2 sftpc Activation
foxp2 sftpc Repression
foxp2 nkx2_1 Repression
foxp3 brca1 Repression
foxp3 ctla4 Activation
foxp3 ctla4 Unknown
foxp3 erbb2 Repression
foxp3 ifng Repression
foxp3 il17a Repression
foxp3 il2 Repression
foxp3 il2 Unknown
foxp3 il22 Activation
foxp3 il2ra Activation
foxp3 nfkb1 Unknown
foxp3 opn1sw Activation
foxp3 skp2 Repression
foxp3 tnfrsf18 Activation
foxq1 cdh1 Repression
foxq1 mylk Repression
fus mdm2 Repression
fus sod2 Unknown
gabpa chrne Activation
gabpa cox4i1 Unknown
gabpa cyp7b1 Unknown
gabpa il10 Activation
gabpa il7r Activation
gabpa skp2 Activation
gabpa sod3 Activation
gabpb1 sod3 Activation
gata1 ccna1 Activation
gata1 cdc6 Activation
gata1 cga Unknown
gata1 pf4 Activation
gata1 epb42 Unknown
gata1 epb42 Activation
gata1 fcer1g Activation
gata1 fli1 Repression
gata1 fli1 Unknown
gata1 hbb_ar Unknown
gata1 itga2b Unknown
gata1 nfe2 Unknown
gata1 spi1 Repression
gata1 sigmar1 Activation
gata1 spi1 Repression
gata1 tal1 Unknown
gata1 tfdp2 Activation
gata1 usp17la Unknown
gata1 zbtb7a Unknown
gata1 zfp26 Repression
gata2 angpt2 Activation
gata2 cebpa Repression
gata2 csf2 Activation
gata2 lyl1 Activation
gata2 nkx6_1 Unknown
gata2 rc3h1 Activation
gata2 spi1 Activation
gata2 spi1 Repression
gata2 smad6 Activation
gata2 spi1 Activation
gata2 spi1 Repression
gata2 spi1 Unknown
gata2 tac2 Activation
gata2 tshb Unknown
gata3 cdkn2c Repression
gata3 cdx2 Activation
gata3 dlc1 Activation
gata3 erg Activation
gata3 fgf10 Activation
gata3 foxp3 Unknown
gata3 ifng Repression
gata3 il10 Activation
gata3 il13 Activation
gata3 il24 Activation
gata3 il3 Activation
gata3 il4 Unknown
gata3 il5 Activation
gata3 il5 Unknown
gata3 mycn Unknown
gata3 rag2 Activation
gata3 runx3 Repression
gata3 tbx21 Repression
gata3 tbx21 Unknown
gata4 adora1 Activation
gata4 amh Activation
gata4 amh Unknown
gata4 ankrd1 Unknown
gata4 bmp4 Unknown
gata4 ccnd2 Activation
gata4 ccnd2 Unknown
gata4 dmrt1 Activation
gata4 epor Activation
gata4 hesx1 Unknown
gata4 hexim1 Unknown
gata4 hhex Unknown
gata4 hspa5 Activation
gata4 id2 Activation
gata4 ifi204 Activation
gata4 lhx9 Repression
gata4 lrrc10 Activation
gata4 mef2c Unknown
gata4 myog Repression
gata4 nkx2_5 Unknown
gata4 nppa Activation
gata4 nppb Activation
gata4 spdef Activation
gata4 star Unknown
gata6 bhlha15 Unknown
gata6 cav1 Repression
gata6 cdx2 Activation
gata6 mylk Repression
gata6 nkx2_1 Activation
gata6 nox1 Repression
gata6 ppp1r14a Unknown
gata6 rbpjl Unknown
gata6 sftpa1 Activation
gata6 sftpc Activation
gata6 shh Repression
gata6 spdef Activation
gata6 tnnc1 Activation
gata6 ttf1 Activation
gata6 wnt7b Activation
gbx2 lhx9 Repression
gbx2 lmo3 Repression
gbx2 otx2 Repression
gbx2 otx2 Unknown
gbx2 robo1 Activation
gbx2 shh Activation
gcfc2 egfr Repression
gcgr crh Repression
gcgr g6pc Repression
gcm2 pth Activation
gfi1 bak1 Repression
gfi1 bax Repression
gfi1 cdkn1a Repression
gfi1 cdkn2b Repression
gfi1 elane Unknown
gfi1 gfi1b Unknown
gfi1 id2 Repression
gfi1 il7r Repression
gfi1 spi1 Repression
gfi1 zbtb16 Unknown
gfi1b elf4 Repression
gfi1b gfi1 Unknown
gfi1b gfi1b Unknown
gfi1b meis1 Activation
gfi1b rag1 Activation
gfi1b rag2 Activation
gfi1b rcor2 Repression
gfi1b socs1 Repression
gfi1b socs3 Repression
gli1 cdh1 Repression
gli1 foxm1 Activation
gli1 has2 Activation
gli1 nhlh1 Activation
gli1 pdgfra Unknown
gli1 pvr Activation
gli1 runx2 Activation
gli1 runx3 Activation
gli2 ascl1 Activation
gli2 ascl1 Unknown
gli2 bmp2 Activation
gli2 fgf15 Unknown
gli2 fkbp8 Unknown
gli2 foxe1 Repression
gli2 gli1 Activation
gli2 gli1 Unknown
gli2 hes1 Activation
gli2 ifitm5 Activation
gli2 myf5 Activation
gli2 myf5 Unknown
gli2 ndp Unknown
gli2 pax3 Activation
gli2 ptch1 Activation
gli2 shh Unknown
gli2 sox8 Unknown
gli3 fgf8 Unknown
gli3 gli1 Activation
gli3 gli1 Unknown
gli3 gli2 Unknown
gli3 has2 Unknown
gli3 myf5 Repression
gli3 nkx6_1 Unknown
gli3 pitrm1 Repression
gli3 pvr Activation
gli3 shh Repression
glis2 ins2 Activation
glis3 neurog3 Activation
gnrh1 lhb Activation
grin1 cox4i1 Activation
gsc foxh1 Unknown
gsc gsc2 Unknown
gsc mixl1 Repression
gsc mixl1 Unknown
gsx2 ppp1r1b Activation
gtf2a1 prm1 Unknown
gtf2a1 tnp1 Unknown
gtf2a2 bglap Activation
gtf2b hspb1 Unknown
gtf2h1 keap1 Activation
gtf2i akap12 Unknown
gtf2i ccl7 Activation
gtf2i ccnd1 Activation
gtf2i cfdp1 Unknown
gtf2i csrp2 Repression
gtf2i dlk1 Repression
gtf2i folr1 Repression
gtf2i fos Activation
gtf2i fos Unknown
gtf2i gsc Activation
gtf2i hspa5 Unknown
gtf2i id1 Unknown
gtf2i igh Activation
gtf2i nsd1 Unknown
gtf2i sec23a Unknown
gtf2i tgfb2 Activation
gtf2i tgfbr2 Repression
gtf2ird1 ccl7 Activation
gtf2ird1 csrp2 Repression
gtf2ird1 dlk1 Repression
gtf2ird1 folr1 Repression
gtf2ird1 tgfb2 Activation
gtf2ird1 tgfbr2 Repression
gzf1 hoxa10 Repression
hand2 dbh Unknown
hand2 dlx5 Repression
hand2 dlx6 Repression
hand2 msx1 Unknown
hand2 phox2b Activation
hand2 runx2 Repression
havcr2 nelfcd Repression
hbp1 myod1 Repression
hbp1 myog Repression
hcfc1 rb1 Unknown
hcls1 ighg2b Activation
hcls1 ighg2b Unknown
hdac1 akap12 Repression
hdac1 ar Repression
hdac1 bglap Unknown
hdac1 ccl5 Unknown
hdac1 cd1d2 Repression
hdac1 cdc25a Repression
hdac1 cdkn1a Unknown
hdac1 cdkn1b Unknown
hdac1 cebpb Unknown
hdac1 comp Unknown
hdac1 csn2 Unknown
hdac1 fas Repression
hdac1 fshr Repression
hdac1 il6 Unknown
hdac1 il12b Unknown
hdac1 jun Unknown
hdac1 nfkbia Repression
hdac1 nfya Unknown
hdac1 nos2 Unknown
hdac1 pparg Unknown
hdac1 ppp2ca Activation
hdac1 rbl2 Unknown
hdac1 reck Unknown
hdac1 rhox5 Unknown
hdac1 sp1 Unknown
hdac1 spp1 Activation
hdac1 star Unknown
hdac1 epcam Unknown
hdac11 il10 Repression
hdac2 bmp7 Repression
hdac2 ccl12 Unknown
hdac2 ccne1 Repression
hdac2 cd1d2 Repression
hdac2 cdkn1a Unknown
hdac2 grm2 Unknown
hdac2 nfkbia Repression
hdac2 nos2 Unknown
hdac2 smarca4 Unknown
hdac2 star Unknown
hdac3 bcl2l1 Unknown
hdac3 cdkn1b Unknown
hdac3 fos Unknown
hdac3 jun Repression
hdac3 nfkbia Repression
hdac3 nr4a2 Unknown
hdac3 phlpp1 Unknown
hdac4 runx2 Repression
hdgf vegfa Activation
hdgf vegfb Activation
hes1 ascl1 Activation
hes1 ascl1 Unknown
hes1 cdkn1b Repression
hes1 cdkn1c Repression
hes1 coro1a Repression
hes1 htr1a Unknown
hes1 map2 Repression
hes6 hes1 Repression
hes6 htr1a Unknown
hes7 lfng Repression
hes7 mesp2 Activation
hesx1 cga Repression
hesx1 dnmt1 Unknown
hesx1 fshb Repression
hesx1 lhb Repression
hesx1 pou1f1 Repression
hesx1 prop1 Repression
hexim1 ccnd1 Repression
hexim1 ccnd1 Unknown
hexim1 vegfa Unknown
hey1 gata4 Repression
hey1 gata6 Repression
hey1 id1 Repression
hey1 nppa Repression
hey1 olig2 Repression
hey1 runx2 Activation
hey2 gata4 Repression
hey2 gata4 Unknown
hey2 gata6 Repression
hey2 mmp10 Repression
hey2 nppa Repression
heyl nppa Repression
hgf met Activation
hhex esm1 Repression
hic1 atoh1 Activation
hic1 efna1 Repression
hif1a fam162a Unknown
hif1a bace1 Activation
hif1a bsg Activation
hif1a cited2 Activation
hif1a crebbp Activation
hif1a ctgf Activation
hif1a dll4 Activation
hif1a epo Activation
hif1a epo Repression
hif1a epo Unknown
hif1a g6pc Unknown
hif1a hey1 Activation
hif1a hey2 Activation
hif1a hmox1 Unknown
hif1a mdk Activation
hif1a mt1 Activation
hif1a myocd Unknown
hif1a pfkfb3 Activation
hif1a ptgs2 Unknown
hif1a serpine1 Activation
hif1a snai1 Activation
hif1a tuft1 Unknown
hif1a vegfa Activation
hif1a vegfa Unknown
hivep2 bglap2 Activation
hivep2 pparg Activation
hlf abcb1a Unknown
hlf epo Unknown
hltf scgb3a1 Unknown
hlx il12a Activation
hlx il12b Activation
hmga1 brca1 Repression
hmga1 insr Unknown
hmga1 rag2 Unknown
hmga1 rbp4 Unknown
hmga2 cdh1 Repression
hmga2 igf2bp2 Unknown
hmga2 mia Repression
hmga2 nfkb1 Activation
hmga2 nkx2_5 Unknown
hmga2 snai1 Unknown
hmga2 snai2 Activation
hmga2 twist1 Activation
hmgb2 runx2 Repression
hmgn3 slc2a2 Unknown
hnf1a bcl6 Activation
hnf1a cldn2 Unknown
hnf1a crp Unknown
hnf1a cyp1a2 Activation
hnf1a cyp27a1 Activation
hnf1a cyp2a5 Repression
hnf1a cyp2b10 Repression
hnf1a cyp2c29 Activation
hnf1a cyp2d9 Repression
hnf1a cyp2e1 Activation
hnf1a cyp39a1 Repression
hnf1a cyp3a11 Activation
hnf1a cyp7a1 Repression
hnf1a cyp7b1 Activation
hnf1a cyp8b1 Repression
hnf1a glb1 Unknown
hnf1a guca2a Activation
hnf1a il17a Repression
hnf1a kitl Activation
hnf1a lct Activation
hnf1a mgam Unknown
hnf1a pax4 Activation
hnf1a pck1 Activation
hnf1a pkhd1 Activation
hnf1a prdm1 Repression
hnf1a rorc Activation
hnf1a slc6a19 Activation
hnf1a slco1b2 Activation
hnf1a slco1b2 Unknown
hnf1a soat2 Unknown
hnf1b egr2 Unknown
hnf1b kif12 Repression
hnf1b mafb Activation
hnf1b onecut1 Unknown
hnf1b pde4c Unknown
hnf1b pkhd1 Activation
hnf1b socs3 Repression
hnf4a acmsd Unknown
hnf4a apoa4 Activation
hnf4a apoa4 Unknown
hnf4a apoc3 Unknown
hnf4a cdx2 Activation
hnf4a cebpa Activation
hnf4a cebpb Activation
hnf4a cfb Unknown
hnf4a csn2 Repression
hnf4a cyp2a4 Repression
hnf4a cyp2b9 Repression
hnf4a cyp3a11 Unknown
hnf4a cyp3a41a Unknown
hnf4a cyp4a12a Activation
hnf4a cyp4a12b Activation
hnf4a cyp7a1 Activation
hnf4a cyp7a1 Repression
hnf4a cyp7a1 Unknown
hnf4a f12 Unknown
hnf4a foxa1 Repression
hnf4a foxa2 Repression
hnf4a g6pc Activation
hnf4a g6pc Unknown
hnf4a gck Activation
hnf4a gstp1 Activation
hnf4a gstp2 Activation
hnf4a hmga2 Activation
hnf4a lipc Unknown
hnf4a onecut1 Repression
hnf4a pck1 Unknown
hnf4a perp Unknown
hnf4a pklr Activation
hnf4a ppara Activation
hnf4a ppara Unknown
hnf4a ppargc1a Repression
hnf4a rare1 Unknown
hnf4a rare2 Unknown
hnf4a shbg Activation
hnf4a slc10a1 Repression
hnf4a slc27a5 Repression
hnf4a slc6a19 Activation
hnrnpd cry1 Activation
hnrnpd thy1 Unknown
hnrnpk slc1a2 Unknown
hoxa1 epha2 Activation
hoxa10 dkk1 Activation
hoxa10 gata1 Unknown
hoxa10 gfi1 Activation
hoxa10 hlf Unknown
hoxa10 mylk Unknown
hoxa10 phgdh Repression
hoxa10 tdo2 Activation
hoxa10 tdo2 Repression
hoxa11 myod1 Repression
hoxa2 meox1 Unknown
hoxa2 pcp4 Unknown
hoxa2 runx2 Repression
hoxa2 six2 Unknown
hoxa3 hoxd3 Unknown
hoxa4 th Unknown
hoxa5 igfbp1 Activation
hoxa5 th Unknown
hoxa5 trp53 Activation
hoxa9 erg Activation
hoxa9 flt3 Unknown
hoxa9 lmo2 Activation
hoxa9 myb Activation
hoxa9 sox4 Activation
hoxa9 spp1 Repression
hoxb1 epha2 Activation
hoxb1 phox2b Unknown
hoxb2 hoxb1 Activation
hoxb2 phox2b Unknown
hoxb3 hoxb1 Repression
hoxb4 cd34 Unknown
hoxb4 ptprc Unknown
hoxb4 rarb Unknown
hoxb4 sox4 Unknown
hoxb5 foxd3 Unknown
hoxb8 acta2 Repression
hoxb8 mylk Repression
hoxb8 tagln Repression
hoxc13 dsg4 Repression
hoxc13 foxq1 Unknown
hoxc13 spi1 Repression
hoxc6 ncam1 Activation
hoxc8 clec10a Unknown
hoxc8 llgl1 Repression
hoxc8 nkd2 Unknown
hoxc8 pcna Repression
hoxc8 sgpp1 Repression
hoxc8 smad6 Repression
hoxc8 spp1 Unknown
hoxd13 bmp4 Activation
hoxd13 runx2 Unknown
hr dlx3 Activation
hsf1 hspa1b Activation
hsf4 hspb1 Activation
hspb1 cdkn1a Activation
htatip2 igf1 Repression
htatip2 myc Unknown
htatip2 wisp2 Repression
id1 alpl Repression
id1 bglap2 Repression
id1 cdkn1a Repression
id1 cdkn2a Repression
id1 ifng Activation
id1 myod1 Activation
id1 rel Activation
id1 rorc Repression
id1 runx2 Repression
id1 thbs1 Repression
id1 tnf Activation
id2 alpl Repression
id2 bglap2 Repression
id2 ccna2 Repression
id2 col1a2 Repression
id2 tcf3 Repression
id2 il10 Repression
id2 lipe Unknown
id2 runx2 Repression
id2 spi1 Repression
id2 tpt1 Repression
id2 zbtb16 Unknown
id3 adipoq Repression
id3 alpl Repression
id3 bglap2 Repression
id3 col1a2 Repression
id3 notch1 Repression
id3 runx2 Repression
id3 smarcc1 Repression
id3 vcam1 Repression
id4 esr1 Unknown
id4 foxa1 Unknown
ifi204 bglap2 Activation
ifih1 ifnb1 Activation
ikbkb ccl19 Activation
ikbkb cxcl10 Activation
ikbkb cxcl11 Activation
ikbkb cxcl2 Activation
ikbkb cxcl9 Activation
ikbkb cxcr4 Activation
ikbkb nfkb1 Activation
ikbkb nfkb1 Unknown
ikbkb nfkbia Repression
ikbkb ptgs2 Activation
ikbkb rps6kb1 Activation
ikbkb tnf Activation
ikbkb trp53 Unknown
ikzf1 casz1 Repression
ikzf1 cd4 Repression
ikzf1 cd79a Unknown
ikzf1 fgfr4 Activation
ikzf1 igll1 Repression
ikzf1 igll1 Unknown
ikzf1 il10 Unknown
ikzf1 il2 Repression
ikzf1 il7r Unknown
ikzf1 myc Activation
ikzf1 nos2 Repression
ikzf1 notch1 Unknown
ikzf1 oprd1 Unknown
ikzf1 oprk1 Repression
ikzf1 osr1 Unknown
ikzf1 prom1 Repression
ikzf1 rag1 Unknown
ikzf2 il2 Unknown
ikzf2 rc3h1 Repression
ikzf3 igll1 Repression
ikzf3 myc Repression
il10 foxc1 Unknown
il17a il1b Activation
il17a tnf Activation
il4 itgb3 Unknown
ilf2 acrv1 Activation
ilf3 acrv1 Activation
ilf3 ccne1 Activation
ilf3 il2 Unknown
ilk mmp9 Activation
ing1 dgcr8 Unknown
ing4 trp53 Activation
insm1 gata2 Activation
insm1 lmx1b Activation
insm1 pet1 Activation
insm1 tph2 Activation
irf1 ccl5 Activation
irf1 cdkn1a Unknown
irf1 cfb Activation
irf1 ciita Activation
irf1 ciita Unknown
irf1 cxcl10 Activation
irf1 cxcl11 Activation
irf1 foxp3 Repression
irf1 gbp2 Activation
irf1 hist2h4 Activation
irf1 ifnb1 Unknown
irf1 ifng Unknown
irf1 il12a Activation
irf1 il12b Activation
irf1 il12b Repression
irf1 il12b Unknown
irf1 il27 Activation
irf1 il27 Unknown
irf1 il4 Repression
irf1 mapk14 Activation
irf1 myd88 Activation
irf1 nos2 Activation
irf1 nos2 Unknown
irf1 pigr Unknown
irf1 sell Activation
irf1 socs1 Activation
irf1 tap1 Unknown
irf1 tap2 Activation
irf1 tnf Activation
irf1 tnf Unknown
irf1 upp1 Unknown
irf2 cxcl11 Repression
irf2 hist2h4 Activation
irf2 ifnb1 Unknown
irf3 hist2h4 Activation
irf3 ifna Activation
irf3 ifna Repression
irf3 ifna Unknown
irf3 ifna1 Activation
irf3 ifna4 Unknown
irf3 ifnb1 Activation
irf3 ifnb1 Repression
irf3 ifnb1 Unknown
irf3 il12a Activation
irf3 il12a Repression
irf3 il23a Unknown
irf3 pura Repression
irf3 pvr Activation
irf3 socs2 Activation
irf3 usp18 Activation
irf4 cdkn2b Activation
irf4 cxcl9 Activation
irf4 il10 Activation
irf4 il1b Activation
irf4 il4 Activation
irf4 il9 Activation
irf4 nfatc2 Activation
irf4 prdm1 Activation
irf4 prdm1 Repression
irf4 runx3 Repression
irf4 spi1 Unknown
irf4 zbtb20 Activation
irf5 ifi202b Activation
irf5 prdm1 Activation
irf6 nectin4 Activation
irf7 hist2h4 Activation
irf7 ifna Activation
irf7 ifna1 Activation
irf7 ifna4 Unknown
irf7 ifnb1 Unknown
irf7 ifnl3 Unknown
irf7 nr1h4 Unknown
irf8 abl1 Unknown
irf8 bcr Unknown
irf8 c1qb Unknown
irf8 cd8a Unknown
irf8 ccl5 Activation
irf8 cdkn2b Activation
irf8 cflar Unknown
irf8 dab2 Repression
irf8 fancc Activation
irf8 gas2 Repression
irf8 ifng Unknown
irf8 il12a Activation
irf8 il12b Activation
irf8 il12b Unknown
irf8 il1b Activation
irf8 il27 Activation
irf8 il12 Unknown
irf8 jak1 Activation
irf8 nf1 Activation
irf8 nos2 Activation
irf8 slc11a1 Repression
irf8 slc11a1 Unknown
irf8 spi1 Unknown
irf8 tlr11 Unknown
irf8 tnf Unknown
irf9 ifnb1 Unknown
irf9 irf7 Activation
irf9 mast1 Repression
irf9 ptf1a Activation
irx3 gja1 Repression
irx5 kcnd2 Unknown
isl1 arx Activation
isl1 fgf10 Activation
isl1 fgf10 Unknown
isl1 mef2c Repression
isl1 msx1 Activation
isl1 pbx1 Activation
isl1 pou4f2 Activation
isl1 tbx5 Repression
jarid2 ccnd1 Repression
jarid2 notch1 Repression
jazf1 mef2c Repression
jazf1 myf6 Repression
jdp2 atf3 Repression
jdp2 ccna2 Unknown
jdp2 dctn2 Unknown
jdp2 trp53 Repression
jmjd1c cyp17a1 Activation
jun aldh1a1 Activation
jun aldh3a1 Unknown
jun angpt2 Activation
jun aqp5 Unknown
jun asah1 Unknown
jun b4galnt1 Activation
jun bcl3 Activation
jun bmp2 Unknown
jun c1qtnf3 Unknown
jun cat Activation
jun ccl12 Activation
jun ccl2 Unknown
jun ccl5 Unknown
jun ccnd1 Activation
jun ccnd1 Repression
jun ccnd1 Unknown
jun ccnd2 Activation
jun ccnd3 Unknown
jun cd14 Unknown
jun cdkn2a Activation
jun cebpd Unknown
jun col10a1 Unknown
jun col3a1 Activation
jun crh Repression
jun csf1r Activation
jun csf2 Unknown
jun ctse Unknown
jun ctsk Activation
jun cxcl1 Unknown
jun cxcl15 Unknown
jun cxcl2 Activation
jun cyp11a1 Activation
jun cyp19a1 Unknown
jun dcstamp Unknown
jun defb2 Unknown
jun dmtf1 Unknown
jun eno2 Unknown
jun esr1 Unknown
jun fam89b Unknown
jun fgf7 Unknown
jun fos Repression
jun fos Unknown
jun fosl1 Unknown
jun gast Activation
jun gclc Activation
jun gfap Unknown
jun slc2a1 Activation
jun gnrh1 Activation
jun gnrhr Unknown
jun hmgcr Unknown
jun hmox1 Activation
jun icam1 Activation
jun ifng Unknown
jun ifne Activation
jun ifng Activation
jun ifng Unknown
jun igk Unknown
jun il11 Activation
jun il11 Unknown
jun il12b Activation
jun il12b Unknown
jun il1b Unknown
jun il2 Activation
jun il2 Unknown
jun il23a Unknown
jun il24 Unknown
jun il27 Activation
jun il3 Unknown
jun il4 Activation
jun il6 Activation
jun il6 Unknown
jun itga5 Activation
jun ivl Unknown
jun jdp2 Unknown
jun jun Activation
jun jun Unknown
jun krt18 Activation
jun lor Repression
jun maf Activation
jun mapk8 Unknown
jun met Activation
jun mir18b Unknown
jun mir23a Activation
jun mmp12 Unknown
jun mmp13 Unknown
jun mmp19 Unknown
jun mmp2 Unknown
jun mmp3 Repression
jun mmp7 Activation
jun mmp9 Activation
jun mmp9 Unknown
jun msr1 Unknown
jun myod1 Repression
jun nacc1 Activation
jun nck2 Unknown
jun nefl Activation
jun nfe2l2 Repression
jun nfe2l2 Unknown
jun nfkb1 Activation
jun nfkb1 Unknown
jun ngf Unknown
jun nos2 Activation
jun nos2 Repression
jun nos2 Unknown
jun nr3c1 Activation
jun nr3c1 Unknown
jun odc1 Activation
jun pdk1 Unknown
jun pea15a Unknown
jun penk Activation
jun phex Unknown
jun plau Unknown
jun plaur Unknown
jun plin2 Unknown
jun ppp1r3b Activation
jun prdm1 Unknown
jun ptgs2 Activation
jun ptgs2 Unknown
jun ptpn4 Activation
jun nectin2 Unknown
jun rab18 Activation
jun relb Activation
jun relb Unknown
jun serpinb5 Activation
jun serpine1 Activation
jun spi1 Activation
jun sftpb Repression
jun sftpb Unknown
jun sirt1 Unknown
jun slc8a1 Unknown
jun smurf1 Unknown
jun socs3 Unknown
jun spp1 Activation
jun spp1 Unknown
jun src Unknown
jun srxn1 Activation
jun star Unknown
jun tbp Activation
jun tff2 Repression
jun tgfb1 Activation
jun tgm1 Activation
jun timp1 Unknown
jun tnf Unknown
jun tnfsf11 Unknown
jun tpr Unknown
jun tpsab1 Activation
jun tpsab1 Repression
jun trp53 Repression
jun trp53 Unknown
jun trp73 Unknown
jun twist1 Unknown
jun wee1 Unknown
jun slc39a14 Unknown
junb ccnd1 Repression
junb ctsk Activation
junb foxp3 Activation
junb il31 Activation
junb il4 Activation
junb mmp2 Unknown
junb myl9 Activation
junb plau Repression
junb serpine1 Activation
jund ccl5 Unknown
jund cyr61 Unknown
jund gcm2 Unknown
jund il11 Activation
jund jun Unknown
jund mmp2 Unknown
jund tcirg1 Unknown
kat2b gata4 Unknown
kat2b irs1 Unknown
kat2b mef2c Unknown
kat2b myod1 Unknown
kat2b npr1 Unknown
kat5 col2a1 Activation
kat5 nppa Activation
kat5 pax6 Activation
kat5 sox9 Activation
kat5 tpt1 Repression
kat5 trp53 Activation
kcnip3 cacna1c Repression
kcnip3 fos Unknown
kcnip3 grin1 Repression
kcnip3 hrk Unknown
kcnip3 ndor1 Unknown
kcnip3 pdyn Unknown
kcnip3 slc8a3 Repression
kcnip3 tnfaip3 Repression
kdm6b eomes Unknown
keap1 nfe2l2 Repression
khdrbs1 ece1 Repression
klf1 dnase2a Activation
klf1 epb42 Unknown
klf1 hbb Activation
klf1 il12b Unknown
klf1 klf8 Activation
klf10 arntl Repression
klf10 arntl Repression
klf10 mycn Repression
klf10 smad2 Unknown
klf11 ins2 Unknown
klf12 tfap2a Repression
klf13 ccl5 Unknown
klf15 acss1 Activation
klf15 clcnkb Unknown
klf15 mcm2 Unknown
klf15 rbp3 Repression
klf15 rho Repression
klf16 drd1 Unknown
klf16 drd2 Unknown
klf16 klf16 Unknown
klf2 pparg Repression
klf2 reln Activation
klf2 sell Activation
klf2 thbd Activation
klf3 acta1 Unknown
klf3 ckm Activation
klf3 hbb_bh1 Unknown
klf3 hbb_y Unknown
klf3 klf8 Unknown
klf3 six4 Unknown
klf4 agrp Activation
klf4 bglap2 Activation
klf4 ccnd2 Activation
klf4 cdh1 Activation
klf4 cdkn2b Activation
klf4 cebpb Activation
klf4 dmp1 Activation
klf4 dmp1 Unknown
klf4 dspp Unknown
klf4 cdkn2b Activation
klf4 lefty1 Activation
klf4 muc5ac Unknown
klf4 nanog Unknown
klf4 nos2 Unknown
klf4 ptgs2 Unknown
klf4 rlim Activation
klf4 serpine1 Repression
klf4 slurp1 Unknown
klf4 snai2 Repression
klf4 sprr2a1 Unknown
klf4 tsix Activation
klf5 egr1 Activation
klf5 ltf Unknown
klf5 mcm2 Unknown
klf5 nanog Unknown
klf5 nos2 Activation
klf5 pdgfa Activation
klf5 pou5f1 Unknown
klf5 runx2 Activation
klf5 serpine1 Activation
klf5 tcl1 Activation
klf5 vegfa Activation
klf6 asah1 Unknown
klf6 cdkn1a Activation
klf6 pttg1 Repression
klf6 serpinh1 Unknown
klf7 ntrk1 Activation
klf7 ntrk1 Unknown
klf8 mmp14 Activation
klf9 txnrd2 Repression
kpna2 klf2 Activation
kpna2 klf4 Activation
lbx1 lmx1a Activation
lbx1 pax3 Repression
lbx1 satb2 Unknown
ldb1 arx Unknown
ldb1 bmp7 Unknown
ldb1 epb42 Activation
ldb1 fgf10 Unknown
ldb1 glp1r Unknown
ldb1 igf1 Unknown
ldb1 lhx6 Unknown
ldb1 mafa Unknown
ldb1 nlrp2 Repression
ldb1 runx1 Activation
ldb1 tcf3 Repression
ldb2 fgf10 Unknown
lef1 cox2 Unknown
lef1 ccl7 Unknown
lef1 cdh1 Repression
lef1 cdx4 Unknown
lef1 col11a1 Activation
lef1 col2a1 Activation
lef1 ctnnb1 Activation
lef1 dkk1 Unknown
lef1 dll1 Activation
lef1 dsg4 Repression
lef1 elane Activation
lef1 fgf18 Unknown
lef1 foxj1 Unknown
lef1 hes7 Unknown
lef1 il13 Repression
lef1 il4 Repression
lef1 il5 Repression
lef1 lrp5 Activation
lef1 mesp1 Activation
lef1 mmp13 Activation
lef1 mmp7 Activation
lef1 msx2 Activation
lef1 ncam1 Unknown
lef1 neurog1 Unknown
lef1 ovol1 Activation
lef1 pou1f1 Repression
lef1 pou5f1 Activation
lef1 ptgs2 Activation
lef1 rag2 Unknown
lef1 runx2 Repression
lef1 tcf3 Unknown
lef1 zbtb16 Unknown
lhx2 cga Activation
lhx2 olfr151 Unknown
lhx2 rarres2 Unknown
lhx2 rax Activation
lhx2 rig1 Unknown
lhx2 robo2 Activation
lhx2 tshb Activation
lhx3 cga Activation
lhx3 cga Unknown
lhx9 rig1 Unknown
lmo2 epb42 Activation
lmo2 erg Activation
lmo2 gypa Unknown
lmo2 runx1 Activation
lmo4 bmp7 Activation
lmo4 bmp7 Repression
lmo7 myf5 Unknown
lmo7 myod1 Unknown
lmo7 pax3 Unknown
lmx1b fgf8 Unknown
lmx1b nphs2 Activation
lmx1b pax2 Repression
lmx1b pet1 Activation
lmx1b pet1 Unknown
lmx1b tph2 Unknown
lmx1b wnt1 Unknown
lyl1 erg Activation
maf ccnd2 Activation
maf cryaa Unknown
maf cryab Unknown
maf gcg Activation
maf il4 Unknown
maf maf Activation
maf pdx1 Activation
maf trp53 Unknown
mafa g6pc2 Unknown
mafa glp1r Activation
mafa ins2 Unknown
mafa nkx6_1 Activation
mafa nrf1 Unknown
mafa pcsk1 Activation
mafa pcx Activation
mafa pdx1 Activation
mafa pdx1 Unknown
mafa slc2a2 Activation
mafb cd5l Unknown
mafb hoxa3 Unknown
mafb mmp12 Unknown
mafb nrf1 Unknown
mafb pth Activation
mafg nqo1 Activation
mafg nrf1 Unknown
mafk hmox1 Activation
mafk hmox1 Repression
mafk nqo1 Activation
mafk nrf1 Unknown
map3k7 nfkb1 Activation
mapk1 egr1 Unknown
mapk14 egr1 Unknown
max atxn3 Unknown
max bax Unknown
max cad Activation
max ccnb1 Repression
max cebpd Repression
max odc1 Unknown
max trp53 Unknown
maz clcnkb Unknown
maz htr1a Unknown
maz rag2 Activation
maz sp4 Repression
mbd1 fgf2 Repression
mbd1 htr2c Repression
mbd2 oprd1 Repression
mbd3 cdk2 Repression
mcm3 il4 Unknown
mcm6 cd40 Activation
mdm2 trp53 Repression
mdm4 trp53 Repression
mdm4 trp53 Unknown
mecp2 aff1 Unknown
mecp2 ddc Unknown
mecp2 dlk1 Repression
mecp2 eya2 Unknown
mecp2 fkbp5 Unknown
mecp2 fxyd1 Unknown
mecp2 igfbp3 Repression
mecp2 irak1 Repression
mecp2 mobp Unknown
mecp2 oprm1 Unknown
mecp2 per1 Activation
mecp2 per2 Activation
mecp2 plagl1 Unknown
mecp2 prodh Repression
mecp2 s100a9 Unknown
mecp2 slc2a3 Unknown
med1 crabp1 Unknown
med1 fam89b Activation
med1 pparg Activation
med1 pparg Unknown
med23 cd52 Activation
med23 egr1 Activation
med23 egr2 Activation
med6 fabp4 Unknown
med8 fabp4 Unknown
mef2a cox6a1 Unknown
mef2a dpf3 Unknown
mef2a mef2a Unknown
mef2a mmp10 Activation
mef2a mmp10 Repression
mef2a nrf1 Activation
mef2a ppargc1a Unknown
mef2a slc2a4 Activation
mef2c ampd1 Activation
mef2c bglap Activation
mef2c bglap2 Activation
mef2c calr Unknown
mef2c capn2 Unknown
mef2c ckm Repression
mef2c des Activation
mef2c dlx5 Activation
mef2c dlx6 Activation
mef2c frzb Activation
mef2c hand2 Activation
mef2c hdac4 Unknown
mef2c il10 Activation
mef2c il1rn Activation
mef2c jun Unknown
mef2c myh4 Activation
mef2c myh1 Unknown
mef2c myog Unknown
mef2c myom1 Unknown
mef2c myom2 Unknown
mef2c myom3 Unknown
mef2c myoz2 Activation
mef2c rgr Repression
mef2c rho Repression
mef2c runx2 Activation
mef2c sfrp2 Activation
mef2c socs2 Activation
mef2c sp7 Activation
mef2d atm Unknown
mef2d myh1 Unknown
meis1 pf4 Activation
meis1 flt3 Unknown
meis1 krt19 Unknown
meis1 myog Activation
meis1 pax6 Activation
meis1 ptch1 Activation
meis1 tgfbr2 Unknown
meis2 cdh1 Activation
meis2 cdkn2b Activation
meis2 egr2 Unknown
meis2 krt19 Unknown
meis2 pax6 Activation
meis2 tgfbr2 Unknown
meis2 cdkn2b Repression
men1 axin2 Activation
men1 ezh2 Unknown
men1 gbx2 Unknown
men1 gli1 Repression
men1 hoxa9 Activation
men1 hoxa9 Unknown
men1 jund Repression
men1 mafa Unknown
men1 suv39h1 Unknown
men1 yap1 Unknown
meox1 nkx3_2 Activation
meox1 pax3 Activation
meox1 tbx18 Unknown
meox1 uncx Unknown
meox2 myf5 Unknown
mitf acp5 Activation
mitf acp5 Unknown
mitf best1 Activation
mitf cd40 Activation
mitf cdkn1a Activation
mitf clcn7 Activation
mitf ctsk Unknown
mitf dcstamp Activation
mitf dct Activation
mitf dkk3 Repression
mitf fgf15 Repression
mitf fos Activation
mitf gpr143 Activation
mitf irf4 Repression
mitf itga4 Activation
mitf met Unknown
mitf ngfr Activation
mitf ostm1 Activation
mitf pax4 Activation
mitf pax6 Activation
mitf pax6 Unknown
mitf pik3r1 Activation
mitf pmel Unknown
mitf sdc1 Repression
mitf slc2a2 Activation
mitf slc45a2 Activation
mitf tbx2 Unknown
mitf trpm1 Activation
mitf tyr Unknown
mitf tyrp1 Unknown
mixl1 gsc Activation
mixl1 kdr Unknown
mixl1 pdgfra Activation
mixl1 pdgfra Unknown
mkl1 edn1 Unknown
mkl1 id3 Activation
mkl1 srf Unknown
mkl1 tagln Activation
mkx myod1 Repression
mkx scx Activation
mkx tgfb2 Unknown
mllt3 hoxd4 Unknown
mllt3 scnn1a Repression
mlxipl acaca Activation
mlxipl acaca Unknown
mlxipl acacb Unknown
mlxipl acc Unknown
mlxipl fas Activation
mlxipl fasn Unknown
mlxipl gck Repression
mlxipl gpam Activation
mlxipl ins1 Activation
mlxipl ins2 Activation
mlxipl ins2 Repression
mlxipl mafa Repression
mlxipl mstn Unknown
mlxipl pdx1 Repression
mlxipl pklr Unknown
mlxipl scd1 Activation
mlxipl txnip Unknown
mmp9 fos Unknown
mmp9 jun Unknown
mnt ccnd2 Repression
mnt cdk4 Repression
msc gata4 Unknown
msc gjd3 Activation
msx1 atoh1 Activation
msx1 bmp4 Activation
msx1 bmp4 Unknown
msx1 cga Unknown
msx1 ets1 Unknown
msx1 fgf3 Unknown
msx1 myocd Repression
msx1 pax3 Repression
msx1 ptch1 Activation
msx1 shh Unknown
msx1 srf Repression
msx1 stra8 Activation
msx1 tagln Repression
msx2 alpl Repression
msx2 atoh1 Activation
msx2 neurod6 Activation
msx2 bglap Activation
msx2 bglap2 Repression
msx2 dkk1 Repression
msx2 dlx2 Repression
msx2 dlx5 Activation
msx2 dspp Unknown
msx2 enpp1 Unknown
msx2 ets1 Unknown
msx2 ihh Activation
msx2 lss Unknown
msx2 mepe Repression
msx2 myocd Repression
msx2 pparg Repression
msx2 runx2 Repression
msx2 sp7 Activation
msx2 srf Repression
msx2 tagln Repression
mta1 cdkn1a Activation
mta1 cdkn1a Repression
mta1 clock Activation
mta1 pax5 Unknown
mta1 pten Repression
mta1 rnf144a Repression
mta1 six3 Repression
mta1 timp2 Repression
mta1 rrm2b Unknown
mta2 fshr Repression
mtf1 dnmt1 Unknown
mtf1 ep300 Activation
mtf1 mt1 Activation
mtf1 mt1 Unknown
mtf1 pgf Activation
mtf1 selenow Repression
mtf1 slc39a10 Repression
mtf2 cdkn2a Activation
mtf2 shh Repression
mxd1 bcl6 Unknown
mxi1 ift20 Unknown
mxi1 igfbp3 Repression
mxi1 myc Repression
myb anpep Activation
myb cdkn1a Repression
myb csf1r Repression
myb csf3r Repression
myb gstm2 Activation
myb h2afz Activation
myb igfbp5 Activation
myb kit Activation
myb kit Unknown
myb myc Unknown
myb nol3 Unknown
myb ppm1a Unknown
myb prtn3 Unknown
myb ptgs2 Activation
myb rag2 Unknown
myb rara Unknown
myb rfx2 Unknown
myb snai2 Unknown
mybbp1a per2 Repression
mybl1 rfx2 Unknown
mybl2 adora2b Unknown
mybl2 adra2b Activation
mybl2 ccna1 Unknown
mybl2 col5a2 Repression
mybl2 eln Unknown
mybl2 erbb2 Repression
mybl2 igfbp5 Activation
mybl2 lin9 Unknown
mybl2 mip Unknown
mybl2 pou5f1 Unknown
mybl2 prrc2a Unknown
mybl2 rfx2 Unknown
mybl2 sftpa1 Activation
myc acp5 Unknown
myc bax Unknown
myc bcat1 Repression
myc bcl2 Repression
myc cad Activation
myc cad Unknown
myc car1 Activation
myc cav1 Unknown
myc ccnb1 Unknown
myc ccnd2 Activation
myc ccnd2 Unknown
myc cdca7 Unknown
myc cdh1 Activation
myc cdk4 Unknown
myc cdkn1a Repression
myc cdkn2a Unknown
myc cdkn2b Repression
myc cebpd Repression
myc dkk1 Unknown
myc eed Unknown
myc eif4e Activation
myc ezh2 Unknown
myc fasl Activation
myc hdac2 Activation
myc hnrnpa1 Activation
myc hnrnpa2b1 Activation
myc mir122 Repression
myc mir18b Unknown
myc mta1 Unknown
myc mxi1 Repression
myc myc Repression
myc ndrg1 Repression
myc nfia Repression
myc nop56 Unknown
myc nrgn Activation
myc odc1 Activation
myc odc1 Unknown
myc pdgfrb Repression
myc ptma Activation
myc ptma Unknown
myc rhoa Activation
myc slc11a1 Repression
myc slc1a2 Activation
myc slc1a2 Repression
myc snai1 Unknown
myc suz12 Unknown
myc tert Activation
myc tert Unknown
myc tfam Unknown
myc timp3 Unknown
myc trp53 Activation
myc trp53 Unknown
myc trrap Unknown
myc wnt4 Unknown
myc zbtb17 Repression
myc zfp36 Repression
mycn acp5 Unknown
mycn hdac2 Activation
mycn igfbp2 Activation
mycn igfbp6 Repression
mycn ndrg1 Repression
mycn nrgn Activation
mycn otx2 Unknown
mycn ptdss1 Activation
mycn smad4 Unknown
myef2 myl2 Unknown
myf5 ccnd3 Activation
myf5 cdkn1a Activation
myf5 des Activation
myf5 myf6 Activation
myf5 myh7b Unknown
myf5 myod1 Activation
myf5 myog Activation
myf5 rb1 Activation
myf5 sp7 Activation
myf5 trp73 Activation
myf6 ampd1 Activation
myf6 ccnd3 Activation
myf6 cdkn1a Activation
myf6 des Activation
myf6 myog Activation
myf6 rb1 Activation
myf6 reck Activation
myf6 trp73 Activation
myocd acta2 Activation
myocd mylk Activation
myocd tagln Activation
myocd tgfb1i1 Activation
myod1 acacb Activation
myod1 acta2 Unknown
myod1 actc1 Activation
myod1 aldh1a1 Unknown
myod1 ankrd2 Activation
myod1 arnt Activation
myod1 atp6v1e1 Unknown
myod1 atp9a Unknown
myod1 atxn3 Unknown
myod1 barx2 Unknown
myod1 bmp5 Unknown
myod1 ccnd1 Unknown
myod1 ccnd3 Activation
myod1 cdc6 Unknown
myod1 cdh15 Unknown
myod1 cdkn1a Activation
myod1 cdkn1c Activation
myod1 cdkn1c Unknown
myod1 cdo1 Unknown
myod1 cdon Unknown
myod1 ckm Activation
myod1 ckm Unknown
myod1 crebbp Unknown
myod1 dcx Unknown
myod1 des Activation
myod1 fosl1 Repression
myod1 ifi204 Activation
myod1 igh Repression
myod1 inpp5k Unknown
myod1 itga7 Activation
myod1 maf Activation
myod1 myf6 Activation
myod1 myf5 Repression
myod1 myh7b Unknown
myod1 myl1 Activation
myod1 myl1 Unknown
myod1 myl2 Unknown
myod1 myl6 Unknown
myod1 myog Activation
myod1 myog Repression
myod1 ppargc1a Unknown
myod1 rb1 Activation
myod1 rb1 Unknown
myod1 reck Repression
myod1 sdc1 Unknown
myod1 selenow Activation
myod1 sgca Activation
myod1 sgca Repression
myod1 sgcg Activation
myod1 smad7 Activation
myod1 smarca4 Unknown
myod1 smtnl1 Unknown
myod1 snai2 Unknown
myod1 sp7 Unknown
myod1 trp73 Activation
myod1 zbtb18 Unknown
myog art1 Activation
myog barx2 Unknown
myog ccnd3 Activation
myog cdkn1a Activation
myog des Activation
myog itga7 Activation
myog myef2 Activation
myog myf6 Activation
myog myh7b Unknown
myog myl1 Activation
myog myod1 Activation
myog pax7 Repression
myog rb1 Activation
myog trp73 Activation
mzf1 sell Activation
mzf1 sod3 Repression
nab1 egr1 Repression
nab1 egr2 Repression
nab1 ifngr1 Unknown
nab1 lhb Repression
nab2 egr2 Repression
nab2 id2 Unknown
nab2 id4 Unknown
nab2 tnfsf10 Repression
nanog bglap2 Activation
nanog bmi1 Unknown
nanog cdx2 Unknown
nanog dkk1 Repression
nanog eras Activation
nanog esrrb Activation
nanog gata6 Repression
nanog idh1 Activation
nanog lin28a Activation
nanog mir290a Activation
nanog mir295 Activation
nanog mir302a Unknown
nanog nfkb1 Repression
nanog nr0b1 Unknown
nanog snai1 Activation
nanog tcf3 Unknown
nanog xist Repression
nanog zfp42 Activation
nanog zfp57 Activation
nanog zfp819 Unknown
ncoa1 adipoq Unknown
ncoa1 ar Unknown
ncoa1 cdkn1a Activation
ncoa1 esr1 Activation
ncoa1 gata4 Unknown
ncoa1 itga5 Activation
ncoa1 mef2c Activation
ncoa1 mef2c Unknown
ncoa1 nfkbia Activation
ncoa1 psat1 Unknown
ncoa1 twist1 Activation
ncoa1 usp17le Activation
ncoa2 adipoq Unknown
ncoa2 ar Activation
ncoa2 ar Unknown
ncoa2 esrra Activation
ncoa2 g6pc Activation
ncoa2 nfkbia Activation
ncoa3 clock Unknown
ncoa3 igfbp3 Unknown
ncoa3 klf4 Activation
ncoa3 nanog Activation
ncoa3 nfkbia Activation
ncoa3 npas2 Unknown
ncoa3 nr0b1 Activation
ncoa3 pparg Activation
ncoa3 tbx3 Activation
ncoa4 ar Unknown
ncoa5 myc Unknown
ncoa6 fos Activation
ncoa6 socs1 Unknown
ncor1 hdac3 Unknown
ncor1 hes1 Repression
ncor1 mybl2 Repression
ncor1 nfkbia Repression
ncor1 tshb Repression
ncor2 hes1 Unknown
ncor2 klkb1 Unknown
ncor2 mybl2 Repression
ncor2 nfkbia Repression
ncor2 sirt1 Unknown
ndn cdk1 Unknown
ndn cdkn2a Unknown
ndn dlx2 Unknown
ndn myc Repression
neurod1 atoh1 Activation
neurod1 g6pc2 Unknown
neurod1 ins2 Unknown
neurod1 insm2 Activation
neurod1 mgat5b Activation
neurod1 nnat Unknown
neurod1 pax6 Activation
neurod1 pdx1 Unknown
neurod1 rnd2 Activation
neurod1 sct Activation
neurod1 st18 Unknown
neurod6 plppr4 Unknown
neurod6 ybx1 Activation
neurog1 atoh1 Activation
neurog1 dll3 Unknown
neurog2 dll3 Unknown
neurog2 eomes Unknown
neurog2 epha5 Activation
neurog2 neurod1 Unknown
neurog2 rnd2 Activation
neurog2 sema3c Activation
neurog3 atoh8 Activation
neurog3 vsx2 Activation
neurog3 insm1 Activation
neurog3 insm2 Activation
neurog3 neurod1 Activation
neurog3 pax4 Activation
nf1 adam8 Unknown
nf1 fam89b Unknown
nf1 mt1 Activation
nfat5 akr1b3 Activation
nfat5 bax Activation
nfat5 bcl2 Repression
nfat5 vegfc Activation
nfatc1 aqp2 Unknown
nfatc1 b3gat1 Repression
nfatc1 bmp7 Unknown
nfatc1 cx3cr1 Unknown
nfatc1 csf2 Activation
nfatc1 dcstamp Unknown
nfatc1 foxp3 Activation
nfatc1 foxp3 Unknown
nfatc1 il12b Unknown
nfatc1 il2 Activation
nfatc1 il2ra Unknown
nfatc1 il4 Activation
nfatc1 itgb3 Unknown
nfatc1 oscar Activation
nfatc1 pag1 Repression
nfatc2 acp5 Activation
nfatc2 bace1 Activation
nfatc2 bcl2a1a Activation
nfatc2 cx3cr1 Unknown
nfatc2 ccna2 Repression
nfatc2 ccr9 Unknown
nfatc2 csf2 Unknown
nfatc2 egr3 Activation
nfatc2 icos Unknown
nfatc2 ifng Activation
nfatc2 ifng Unknown
nfatc2 il10 Activation
nfatc2 il12b Activation
nfatc2 il13 Unknown
nfatc2 il2 Unknown
nfatc2 il21 Activation
nfatc2 il2ra Unknown
nfatc2 il31 Activation
nfatc2 il4 Activation
nfatc2 il4 Unknown
nfatc2 il9 Unknown
nfatc2 nfatc1 Unknown
nfatc2 tnf Unknown
nfatc2ip il2 Unknown
nfatc3 b3gat1 Repression
nfatc3 il2 Activation
nfatc3 mir23a Activation
nfatc4 b3gat1 Repression
nfatc4 myoz1 Activation
nfatc4 myoz2 Activation
nfatc4 ptgs2 Unknown
nfe2 abcc6 Repression
nfe2 epb42 Unknown
nfe2 gcm2 Unknown
nfe2 hbb Activation
nfe2 hbb Unknown
nfe2 hbb_b1 Unknown
nfe2 hbb_bs Unknown
nfe2 hmbs Unknown
nfe2 il2 Unknown
nfe2 tnf Unknown
nfe2 tyms Unknown
nfe2l2 abcc2 Unknown
nfe2l2 abcc3 Unknown
nfe2l2 abcc4 Unknown
nfe2l2 akr1b3 Unknown
nfe2l2 areg Activation
nfe2l2 bcl2 Activation
nfe2l2 bglap Unknown
nfe2l2 bglap3 Repression
nfe2l2 calcoco2 Activation
nfe2l2 cd36 Activation
nfe2l2 cdkn2c Unknown
nfe2l2 cebpb Activation
nfe2l2 cox17 Activation
nfe2l2 cyp2a5 Activation
nfe2l2 cyp2a5 Unknown
nfe2l2 fas Activation
nfe2l2 fmo3 Activation
nfe2l2 fos Repression
nfe2l2 gclc Activation
nfe2l2 gsta1 Activation
nfe2l2 gsta2 Activation
nfe2l2 hmox1 Activation
nfe2l2 hmox1 Unknown
nfe2l2 il10 Activation
nfe2l2 keap1 Activation
nfe2l2 keap1 Unknown
nfe2l2 krt16 Unknown
nfe2l2 mcm7 Unknown
nfe2l2 mdm2 Activation
nfe2l2 mgst1 Unknown
nfe2l2 mir106b Unknown
nfe2l2 mt1 Activation
nfe2l2 nfatc1 Repression
nfe2l2 nfe2l2 Unknown
nfe2l2 nfkb1 Repression
nfe2l2 nqo1 Activation
nfe2l2 nqo1 Unknown
nfe2l2 pparg Activation
nfe2l2 pparg Unknown
nfe2l2 prdx1 Activation
nfe2l2 prdx1 Unknown
nfe2l2 prdx2 Unknown
nfe2l2 ptgds Activation
nfe2l2 runx2 Repression
nfe2l2 scarb1 Activation
nfe2l2 sdha Unknown
nfe2l2 slc40a1 Activation
nfe2l2 slc40a1 Repression
nfe2l2 slc7a11 Activation
nfe2l2 sod2 Unknown
nfe2l2 sp7 Repression
nfe2l2 sqstm1 Activation
nfe2l2 srxn1 Activation
nfe2l2 srxn1 Unknown
nfe2l2 sult1e1 Activation
nfe2l2 tgfb1 Repression
nfe2l2 tnfsf11 Repression
nfe2l2 txnip Repression
nfe2l2 txnrd1 Activation
nfe2l2 ugt1a6a Activation
nfe2l2 il10 Unknown
nfe2l2 il1rn Unknown
nfe2l3 pla2g7 Unknown
nfia fam89b Activation
nfia fam89b Unknown
nfia gabra6 Activation
nfia gfap Repression
nfia hgf Repression
nfia slc2a4 Repression
nfib col2a1 Activation
nfib fam89b Unknown
nfic ccl2 Unknown
nfic col1a1 Activation
nfic dspp Activation
nfic dspp Unknown
nfic fam89b Unknown
nfic gfap Unknown
nfic hgf Unknown
nfic klf4 Activation
nfic mbp Unknown
nfic mt1 Repression
nfic mt1 Unknown
nfic pdgfa Repression
nfic pdgfra Repression
nfil3 abcb1a Unknown
nfil3 abcb4 Repression
nfil3 arnt Unknown
nfil3 bmp4 Unknown
nfil3 cyp7a1 Repression
nfil3 eomes Activation
nfil3 fgf21 Repression
nfil3 id2 Activation
nfil3 per2 Unknown
nfil3 ptgs2 Activation
nfil3 ptgs2 Repression
nfix ckm Activation
nfix fam89b Unknown
nfkb1 adipoq Activation
nfkb1 adora1 Activation
nfkb1 adora2a Repression
nfkb1 adora2b Unknown
nfkb1 ager Unknown
nfkb1 agt Unknown
nfkb1 akt1 Unknown
nfkb1 aldh3a1 Unknown
nfkb1 alox5 Unknown
nfkb1 amh Unknown
nfkb1 ankrd2 Activation
nfkb1 apoe Unknown
nfkb1 aqp5 Unknown
nfkb1 atp12a Repression
nfkb1 banp Activation
nfkb1 bcl2 Activation
nfkb1 bcl2a1d Activation
nfkb1 bcl2l1 Activation
nfkb1 bcl2l1 Unknown
nfkb1 bin1 Activation
nfkb1 birc2 Unknown
nfkb1 birc3 Activation
nfkb1 birc3 Unknown
nfkb1 xiap Activation
nfkb1 xiap Repression
nfkb1 bmp2 Activation
nfkb1 bmpr2 Unknown
nfkb1 btk Activation
nfkb1 cox2 Unknown
nfkb1 ccl12 Activation
nfkb1 ccl12 Unknown
nfkb1 ccl2 Activation
nfkb1 ccl2 Unknown
nfkb1 ccl20 Activation
nfkb1 ccl20 Unknown
nfkb1 ccl22 Repression
nfkb1 ccl5 Activation
nfkb1 ccl5 Unknown
nfkb1 ccl9 Unknown
nfkb1 ccnd1 Activation
nfkb1 ccnd1 Unknown
nfkb1 ccnd3 Unknown
nfkb1 cd38 Unknown
nfkb1 cd40 Activation
nfkb1 cd40 Unknown
nfkb1 cd7 Unknown
nfkb1 cd80 Activation
nfkb1 cd86 Activation
nfkb1 cdk4 Activation
nfkb1 cdkn1a Unknown
nfkb1 cebpa Unknown
nfkb1 cebpb Activation
nfkb1 cenpj Unknown
nfkb1 cfb Activation
nfkb1 cflar Activation
nfkb1 col1a1 Repression
nfkb1 csf1 Activation
nfkb1 csf2 Activation
nfkb1 ctnnb1 Unknown
nfkb1 cxadr Unknown
nfkb1 cxcl1 Activation
nfkb1 cxcl1 Unknown
nfkb1 cxcl10 Unknown
nfkb1 cxcl13 Unknown
nfkb1 cxcl15 Unknown
nfkb1 cxcl2 Activation
nfkb1 cxcl2 Unknown
nfkb1 cyp11a1 Unknown
nfkb1 dcst1 Activation
nfkb1 dcst2 Activation
nfkb1 dcstamp Unknown
nfkb1 defb2 Unknown
nfkb1 dmp1 Repression
nfkb1 drd2 Activation
nfkb1 dusp1 Activation
nfkb1 ebi3 Unknown
nfkb1 ebna1bp2 Unknown
nfkb1 edn1 Unknown
nfkb1 egfr Unknown
nfkb1 egr2 Activation
nfkb1 elf3 Unknown
nfkb1 epas1 Activation
nfkb1 fas Activation
nfkb1 fas Unknown
nfkb1 fasl Unknown
nfkb1 fbp1 Repression
nfkb1 kdm2a Unknown
nfkb1 fn1 Unknown
nfkb1 fos Activation
nfkb1 foxp3 Unknown
nfkb1 fth1 Activation
nfkb1 gadd45b Activation
nfkb1 gclm Repression
nfkb1 glrx Unknown
nfkb1 hamp Unknown
nfkb1 hes1 Repression
nfkb1 hmgcr Unknown
nfkb1 hmox1 Unknown
nfkb1 hsd11b2 Activation
nfkb1 hsd11b2 Repression
nfkb1 ifnb1 Activation
nfkb1 ifnb1 Repression
nfkb1 ifng Unknown
nfkb1 igf2bp2 Unknown
nfkb1 igk Activation
nfkb1 ikbkb Activation
nfkb1 il1 Activation
nfkb1 il10 Unknown
nfkb1 il12a Activation
nfkb1 il12a Unknown
nfkb1 il12b Activation
nfkb1 il12b Repression
nfkb1 il12b Unknown
nfkb1 il15 Unknown
nfkb1 il1a Activation
nfkb1 il1b Activation
nfkb1 il1b Unknown
nfkb1 il2 Activation
nfkb1 il2 Unknown
nfkb1 il23a Repression
nfkb1 il23a Unknown
nfkb1 il2ra Activation
nfkb1 il4 Activation
nfkb1 il6 Activation
nfkb1 il6 Repression
nfkb1 il6 Unknown
nfkb1 irf4 Unknown
nfkb1 itgam Activation
nfkb1 junb Unknown
nfkb1 kcnd2 Unknown
nfkb1 kcnip2 Activation
nfkb1 kdr Unknown
nfkb1 klf5 Unknown
nfkb1 lcn2 Activation
nfkb1 lef1 Activation
nfkb1 lif Unknown
nfkb1 ltc4s Repression
nfkb1 nudt1 Unknown
nfkb1 mapk14 Activation
nfkb1 mbp Unknown
nfkb1 mmp14 Activation
nfkb1 mmp2 Unknown
nfkb1 mmp3 Unknown
nfkb1 mmp9 Activation
nfkb1 mmp9 Unknown
nfkb1 msx1 Activation
nfkb1 myb Activation
nfkb1 myc Activation
nfkb1 myc Repression
nfkb1 myc Unknown
nfkb1 myoz2 Activation
nfkb1 nfkb1 Activation
nfkb1 nfkbia Activation
nfkb1 nfkbiz Activation
nfkb1 nfkbiz Unknown
nfkb1 ngb Unknown
nfkb1 nos2 Activation
nfkb1 nos2 Repression
nfkb1 nos2 Unknown
nfkb1 nos3 Unknown
nfkb1 nqo1 Repression
nfkb1 nrf1 Unknown
nfkb1 ntn1 Unknown
nfkb1 pck1 Repression
nfkb1 pdk4 Repression
nfkb1 per1 Repression
nfkb1 per2 Repression
nfkb1 phex Unknown
nfkb1 pirb Unknown
nfkb1 pla2g4a Unknown
nfkb1 plaur Unknown
nfkb1 plin2 Unknown
nfkb1 pmaip1 Activation
nfkb1 ppara Repression
nfkb1 ppargc1a Repression
nfkb1 ppm1d Unknown
nfkb1 ppp1r13l Unknown
nfkb1 ppp1r14a Unknown
nfkb1 prodh Unknown
nfkb1 psme2 Unknown
nfkb1 pten Repression
nfkb1 ptges Unknown
nfkb1 ptgs1 Unknown
nfkb1 ptgs2 Activation
nfkb1 ptgs2 Repression
nfkb1 ptgs2 Unknown
nfkb1 ptpn4 Activation
nfkb1 rel Activation
nfkb1 rel Unknown
nfkb1 relb Activation
nfkb1 relb Unknown
nfkb1 ripk2 Activation
nfkb1 sele Unknown
nfkb1 selp Activation
nfkb1 shh Activation
nfkb1 slc1a2 Activation
nfkb1 slc1a2 Repression
nfkb1 slc2a1 Activation
nfkb1 slc2a4 Repression
nfkb1 sod2 Activation
nfkb1 sox9 Repression
nfkb1 src Activation
nfkb1 stat1 Unknown
nfkb1 stk39 Activation
nfkb1 tapbp Activation
nfkb1 tcrg_c1 Activation
nfkb1 tec Activation
nfkb1 tert Unknown
nfkb1 tgfb1 Activation
nfkb1 thrb Unknown
nfkb1 timp3 Unknown
nfkb1 tlr2 Activation
nfkb1 tlr2 Unknown
nfkb1 tlr4 Activation
nfkb1 tlr4 Unknown
nfkb1 tnf Activation
nfkb1 tnf Repression
nfkb1 tnf Unknown
nfkb1 tnfaip3 Activation
nfkb1 tnfrsf25 Activation
nfkb1 tnfrsf4 Unknown
nfkb1 tnfsf13b Unknown
nfkb1 tnfsf15 Unknown
nfkb1 trem1 Unknown
nfkb1 trim63 Unknown
nfkb1 trp53 Unknown
nfkb1 twist1 Unknown
nfkb1 ube2h Unknown
nfkb1 upp1 Activation
nfkb1 upp1 Unknown
nfkb1 vcam1 Activation
nfkb1 vcam1 Unknown
nfkb1 vegfa Unknown
nfkb1 vegfc Unknown
nfkb1 wap Activation
nfkb1 wt1 Activation
nfkb1 wt1 Unknown
nfkb1 yy1 Unknown
nfkb1 ccnd1 Unknown
nfkb1 nos2 Unknown
nfkb1 trp53 Repression
nfkb1 cdh1 Repression
nfkb1 birc5 Unknown
nfkb2 ccnd1 Activation
nfkb2 ccnd1 Repression
nfkb2 ccnd1 Unknown
nfkb2 csf2 Unknown
nfkb2 dmp1 Unknown
nfkb2 hes1 Unknown
nfkb2 hif1a Repression
nfkb2 il23a Repression
nfkb2 myc Activation
nfkb2 myc Repression
nfkb2 rel Unknown
nfkb2 relb Repression
nfkb2 snd1 Activation
nfkbia nfkb1 Repression
nfkbia ptgs2 Unknown
nfkbiz nfkb1 Repression
nfkbiz nfkbiz Unknown
nfya adipoq Unknown
nfya arntl Activation
nfya ccnd2 Activation
nfya cdk1 Activation
nfya cldn11 Unknown
nfya dspp Activation
nfya e2f1 Activation
nfya h2_ab1 Unknown
nfya hspa1b Activation
nfya hspa5 Activation
nfya hspb1 Activation
nfya mapk1 Activation
nfya ogg1 Unknown
nfya srebf1 Unknown
nfya trp53 Activation
nfyb ccnd2 Activation
nfyb dspp Activation
nfyb h2_ab1 Unknown
nfyb srebf1 Unknown
nfyc ccnd2 Activation
nfyc dspp Activation
nfyc srebf1 Unknown
nhlh2 maoa Activation
nhlh2 mc4r Unknown
nhlh2 pcsk1 Unknown
nhlh2 pcsk2 Unknown
nhlh2 pkd1 Unknown
nkx2_1 abca3 Unknown
nkx2_1 foxj1 Activation
nkx2_1 hcrtr2 Activation
nkx2_1 pax8 Activation
nkx2_1 prdm13 Activation
nkx2_1 scgb1a1 Activation
nkx2_1 sftpb Activation
nkx2_1 sftpb Unknown
nkx2_1 sftpc Activation
nkx2_1 sftpc Unknown
nkx2_1 shh Activation
nkx2_1 sox17 Activation
nkx2_1 wnt7b Activation
nkx2_2 arx Unknown
nkx2_2 neurod1 Activation
nkx2_2 pdgfra Unknown
nkx2_2 pdx1 Activation
nkx2_2 pet1 Unknown
nkx2_3 madcam1 Activation
nkx2_5 adora1 Activation
nkx2_5 calr Unknown
nkx2_5 csl Unknown
nkx2_5 etv2 Activation
nkx2_5 fgf10 Repression
nkx2_5 gjc1 Unknown
nkx2_5 hand1 Unknown
nkx2_5 hexim1 Unknown
nkx2_5 id2 Activation
nkx2_5 id2 Unknown
nkx2_5 ifi204 Activation
nkx2_5 jarid2 Unknown
nkx2_5 lrrc10 Activation
nkx2_5 mef2c Unknown
nkx2_5 mov10l1 Activation
nkx2_5 msx2 Unknown
nkx2_5 mycn Unknown
nkx2_5 myl2 Unknown
nkx2_5 myocd Activation
nkx2_5 nppa Activation
nkx2_5 nppa Unknown
nkx2_5 nppb Unknown
nkx2_5 pitx2 Activation
nkx2_5 tbx5 Activation
nkx2_5 tll1 Activation
nkx2_5 tlx2 Activation
nkx2_5 trp53 Unknown
nkx2_9 akip1 Repression
nkx3_1 acta2 Activation
nkx3_1 actg2 Unknown
nkx3_1 ar Repression
nkx3_2 pax3 Repression
nkx3_2 runx2 Repression
nkx6_1 mafa Activation
nono col2a1 Activation
nono mia Unknown
notch1 casp3 Activation
notch1 ccnd1 Activation
notch1 ccne1 Activation
notch1 cdkn1a Activation
notch1 cdkn1a Unknown
notch1 ctnnb1 Repression
notch1 dll4 Unknown
notch1 dtx1 Unknown
notch1 efnb2 Activation
notch1 gata2 Activation
notch1 hes5 Activation
notch1 hey1 Activation
notch1 hey2 Unknown
notch1 nfkb1 Activation
notch1 nrarp Activation
notch1 pax7 Activation
notch1 rbpj Activation
notch1 runx2 Repression
notch1 scgb3a2 Activation
notch1 smarcc1 Activation
notch1 sox9 Unknown
notch1 sp7 Activation
notch1 spi1 Activation
notch1 tcf3 Repression
notch2 gzmb Unknown
notch2 hes1 Activation
notch2 notch3 Activation
notch2 tcf3 Repression
notch3 foxp3 Activation
notch3 hes5 Activation
notch3 nrarp Activation
notch3 ptcra Activation
notch4 dlk1 Repression
notch4 hes1 Activation
notch4 hey1 Activation
npas1 th Repression
npas2 maoa Unknown
nr0b1 cyp11a1 Repression
nr0b1 cyp19a1 Repression
nr0b1 esrrg Repression
nr0b1 hnf4a Repression
nr0b1 nr5a1 Repression
nr0b1 pou5f1 Activation
nr0b1 pou5f1 Repression
nr0b1 pparg Repression
nr0b1 rlf Repression
nr0b1 sf1 Repression
nr0b1 srebf1 Repression
nr0b1 srebf1 Unknown
nr0b1 star Repression
nr0b2 bglap Activation
nr0b2 bhmt Repression
nr0b2 cdkn1a Repression
nr0b2 cyp7a1 Repression
nr0b2 cyp7a1 Unknown
nr0b2 cyp8b1 Repression
nr0b2 mir127 Repression
nr0b2 mir433 Repression
nr0b2 mtf1 Repression
nr0b2 mttp Repression
nr0b2 neurod1 Repression
nr0b2 npas2 Repression
nr0b2 nr5a2 Activation
nr0b2 nr5a2 Unknown
nr0b2 pparg Repression
nr0b2 ppargc1a Repression
nr0b2 serpine1 Repression
nr0b2 slc40a1 Repression
nr0b2 slc51b Repression
nr0b2 smad3 Repression
nr0b2 smad7 Repression
nr1d1 arntl Repression
nr1d1 arntl Unknown
nr1d1 arntl Repression
nr1d1 gja1 Unknown
nr1d1 nfil3 Unknown
nr1d1 nr0b2 Unknown
nr1d2 gja1 Activation
nr1h2 arg2 Activation
nr1h2 csrp1 Repression
nr1h2 fasn Unknown
nr1h2 nos2 Repression
nr1h3 abca1 Unknown
nr1h3 abcg1 Unknown
nr1h3 apoe Unknown
nr1h3 arg2 Activation
nr1h3 bhlhe40 Activation
nr1h3 cyp7b1 Repression
nr1h3 cyp7a1 Activation
nr1h3 f3 Repression
nr1h3 lipe Unknown
nr1h3 map3k8 Unknown
nr1h3 mlxipl Activation
nr1h3 nos2 Repression
nr1h3 nr1h3 Unknown
nr1h3 plin1 Unknown
nr1h3 pltp Unknown
nr1h3 srebf1 Unknown
nr1h3 ucp1 Repression
nr1h4 abcb11 Activation
nr1h4 abcc2 Activation
nr1h4 abcc4 Repression
nr1h4 fabp6 Activation
nr1h4 hhex Unknown
nr1h4 ins2 Activation
nr1h4 klf11 Unknown
nr1h4 krt13 Activation
nr1h4 nr0b2 Activation
nr1h4 scarb1 Activation
nr1h4 slc10a1 Activation
nr1i2 akr1b7 Activation
nr1i2 cd36 Unknown
nr1i2 cdkn1a Activation
nr1i2 cyp24a1 Activation
nr1i2 cyp2b10 Unknown
nr1i2 cyp2c29 Activation
nr1i2 cyp3a11 Activation
nr1i2 cyp3a11 Unknown
nr1i2 cyp3a41a Unknown
nr1i2 e2f1 Repression
nr1i2 insig1 Activation
nr1i2 msx2 Unknown
nr1i2 ppara Unknown
nr1i3 akr1b7 Activation
nr1i3 atp6v1e1 Repression
nr1i3 cpt1a Repression
nr1i3 cyp2b10 Unknown
nr1i3 cyp3a11 Activation
nr1i3 cyp7a1 Unknown
nr1i3 mcl1 Activation
nr1i3 pck1 Repression
nr1i3 ppara Unknown
nr1i3 ppig Unknown
nr1i3 sqle Unknown
nr1i3 thrsp Unknown
nr2c1 esr1 Repression
nr2c1 gata1 Repression
nr2c2 ikbkb Activation
nr2c2 junb Activation
nr2c2 nfkb1 Activation
nr2e1 atn1 Unknown
nr2e3 rho Activation
nr2f1 calr Repression
nr2f1 fabp7 Unknown
nr2f1 pou5f1 Repression
nr2f1 rnd2 Repression
nr2f2 ar Unknown
nr2f2 atp1a1 Repression
nr2f2 bglap Unknown
nr2f2 cyp7a1 Activation
nr2f2 dr1 Unknown
nr2f2 dspp Activation
nr2f2 flt1 Repression
nr2f2 insl3 Unknown
nr2f2 mttp Repression
nr2f2 oxt Unknown
nr2f2 pou5f1 Repression
nr2f2 pou5f1 Unknown
nr2f2 ppara Unknown
nr2f2 rarb Unknown
nr2f2 rare1 Unknown
nr2f2 rare2 Unknown
nr2f2 ren1 Repression
nr2f2 shh Unknown
nr2f2 slc2a4 Activation
nr2f2 vegfa Repression
nr2f6 il17a Repression
nr2f6 oxt Unknown
nr2f6 ren1 Repression
nr3c1 abcc2 Activation
nr3c1 brca1 Activation
nr3c1 ccnd3 Repression
nr3c1 cdk4 Repression
nr3c1 cdk6 Repression
nr3c1 ch25h Unknown
nr3c1 crh Unknown
nr3c1 fam89b Activation
nr3c1 fam89b Unknown
nr3c1 hes1 Repression
nr3c1 nfkbia Activation
nr3c1 npas4 Unknown
nr3c1 nr0b1 Unknown
nr3c1 pdhx Repression
nr3c1 ptgs2 Unknown
nr3c1 ptx3 Activation
nr3c1 runx2 Repression
nr3c1 slc10a1 Activation
nr3c1 trim63 Unknown
nr3c1 vdr Unknown
nr3c2 fkbp5 Unknown
nr3c2 mllt3 Repression
nr3c2 rasl12 Unknown
nr3c2 scnn1a Activation
nr3c2 sgk1 Unknown
nr3c2 tns1 Unknown
nr3c2 tsc22d3 Unknown
nr4a1 ar Unknown
nr4a1 cyp21a1 Activation
nr4a1 edn1 Repression
nr4a1 fasl Activation
nr4a1 hsd3b1 Unknown
nr4a1 kcnb1 Repression
nr4a1 nkx2_5 Activation
nr4a1 prl Unknown
nr4a1 prmt1 Repression
nr4a1 serpine1 Unknown
nr4a2 apom Unknown
nr4a2 foxp3 Activation
nr4a2 gch1 Activation
nr4a2 kcnb1 Repression
nr4a2 mmp1a Repression
nr4a2 nrp1 Unknown
nr4a2 pitx3 Activation
nr4a2 ptpru Unknown
nr4a2 slc18a2 Unknown
nr4a2 slc6a3 Unknown
nr4a2 spp1 Activation
nr4a2 tnc Activation
nr4a3 kcnb1 Repression
nr4a3 ucp1 Unknown
nr5a1 abcg2 Unknown
nr5a1 adcy4 Unknown
nr5a1 akr1b7 Unknown
nr5a1 amh Activation
nr5a1 amh Unknown
nr5a1 cnr1 Activation
nr5a1 cyp11a1 Activation
nr5a1 cyp11b2 Unknown
nr5a1 cyp17a1 Unknown
nr5a1 cyp19a1 Activation
nr5a1 cyp19a1 Unknown
nr5a1 cyp21a1 Activation
nr5a1 fgf9 Repression
nr5a1 inha Activation
nr5a1 inha Unknown
nr5a1 insl3 Unknown
nr5a1 lhb Unknown
nr5a1 mc2r Activation
nr5a1 nos1 Unknown
nr5a1 nr0b1 Activation
nr5a1 nr0b1 Unknown
nr5a1 nr5a1 Unknown
nr5a1 pbx1 Activation
nr5a1 pou5f1 Activation
nr5a1 sox9 Activation
nr5a1 star Unknown
nr5a1 wnt4 Activation
nr5a2 apoa1 Unknown
nr5a2 ccnd1 Activation
nr5a2 ccne1 Activation
nr5a2 cyp19a1 Unknown
nr5a2 cyp7a1 Activation
nr5a2 cyp8b1 Activation
nr5a2 kiss1 Activation
nr5a2 kras Activation
nr5a2 nanog Activation
nr5a2 nr0b1 Unknown
nr5a2 pou5f1 Activation
nr5a2 ptf1a Unknown
nr5a2 ptgds Unknown
nr5a2 scarb1 Activation
nr5a2 slc10a2 Unknown
nr5a2 slc51a Activation
nr5a2 slc51b Activation
nr5a2 tnf Activation
nrf1 atp1a1 Repression
nrf1 atp1b1 Activation
nrf1 cd47 Activation
nrf1 cox17 Activation
nrf1 cox4i1 Activation
nrf1 fcgr3 Activation
nrf1 fmr1 Activation
nrf1 fmr1 Unknown
nrf1 gria2 Unknown
nrf1 grin1 Activation
nrf1 grin2b Activation
nrf1 hmox1 Activation
nrf1 ide Activation
nrf1 il1rn Activation
nrf1 kif17 Activation
nrf1 mt1 Activation
nrf1 nos1 Unknown
nrf1 nr3c1 Unknown
nrf1 pvr Unknown
nrf1 sdha Unknown
nrf1 sirt6 Activation
nrf1 sp7 Unknown
nrf1 tfam Activation
nrip1 cidea Repression
nrip1 pou5f1 Unknown
nrip1 ucp1 Repression
nrip1 ucp1 Unknown
nrl kcnv2 Activation
nrl mef2c Activation
nrl nr2e3 Activation
nrl pde6a Activation
nrl pde6b Unknown
nrl ppp2r5c Unknown
nrl prph2 Activation
nrl rbp3 Repression
nrl rho Repression
nrl rho Unknown
nrl sag Unknown
nupr1 ccna2 Repression
nupr1 ep300 Unknown
nupr1 gcg Unknown
nupr1 hmox1 Repression
nupr1 paxip1 Unknown
nupr1 tcf19 Repression
olig1 smad3 Unknown
olig2 gfap Repression
olig2 pdgfra Activation
olig2 sox10 Unknown
onecut1 foxa2 Unknown
onecut1 foxf1 Activation
onecut1 g6pc Unknown
onecut1 mafa Repression
onecut1 neurog3 Activation
onecut1 neurog3 Unknown
onecut1 onecut3 Activation
onecut1 pdx1 Activation
onecut1 slc2a2 Unknown
otx2 crx Unknown
otx2 fgf15 Unknown
otx2 gnrh1 Activation
otx2 gnrh1 Unknown
otx2 nkx2_2 Repression
otx2 tyr Activation
otx2 tyrp1 Activation
ovol1 ovol2 Repression
parp1 apod Unknown
parp1 e2f1 Activation
parp1 e2f1 Unknown
parp1 fn1 Activation
parp1 il10 Unknown
parp1 mmp9 Unknown
parp1 nfkb1 Repression
parp1 nkx2_1 Activation
parp1 nos2 Activation
parp1 rela Unknown
parp1 sh3bp2 Unknown
parp1 vcam1 Unknown
pax1 nkx3_2 Unknown
pax1 pdgfra Unknown
pax2 ccnd1 Activation
pax2 emx2 Unknown
pax2 en2 Unknown
pax2 eya1 Unknown
pax2 gbx2 Repression
pax2 gcg Activation
pax2 neurog2 Unknown
pax2 pax6 Repression
pax2 pou3f3 Unknown
pax2 ret Activation
pax2 robo3 Activation
pax2 sfrp2 Unknown
pax2 trp53 Repression
pax2 wt1 Activation
pax2 wt1 Unknown
pax3 dct Activation
pax3 dmrt2 Activation
pax3 fgfr4 Unknown
pax3 hes1 Unknown
pax3 itm2a Activation
pax3 lbx2 Activation
pax3 lef1 Unknown
pax3 mbp Repression
pax3 met Unknown
pax3 mitf Activation
pax3 msx2 Repression
pax3 myf5 Activation
pax3 myf5 Unknown
pax3 myod1 Activation
pax3 myod1 Unknown
pax3 neurog2 Unknown
pax3 pou3f2 Activation
pax3 spry1 Unknown
pax3 st8sia2 Unknown
pax3 tgfb2 Activation
pax3 tyrp1 Activation
pax3 wnt1 Unknown
pax4 ins2 Unknown
pax4 mnx1 Activation
pax4 pax6 Repression
pax4 pdx1 Activation
pax5 aicda Activation
pax5 blk Activation
pax5 blk Unknown
pax5 blnk Unknown
pax5 cd19 Unknown
pax5 cd72 Activation
pax5 cd79a Activation
pax5 cd79a Unknown
pax5 csf1r Repression
pax5 ebf1 Activation
pax5 en2 Unknown
pax5 flt3 Repression
pax5 igh Repression
pax5 igk Activation
pax5 igll1 Unknown
pax5 prdx6 Activation
pax6 aldh3a1 Unknown
pax6 atoh7 Unknown
pax6 bcl9 Activation
pax6 bcl9l Activation
pax6 cdk6 Repression
pax6 cdkn1b Unknown
pax6 cryaa Unknown
pax6 cryab Activation
pax6 cryab Unknown
pax6 dkk3 Activation
pax6 dkk3 Repression
pax6 fgf15 Repression
pax6 g6pc2 Unknown
pax6 gcg Activation
pax6 gck Unknown
pax6 hoxd4 Activation
pax6 mab21l2 Unknown
pax6 maf Activation
pax6 mafa Activation
pax6 met Activation
pax6 mmp9 Activation
pax6 neurog1 Activation
pax6 neurog2 Unknown
pax6 nr2e1 Activation
pax6 odf2 Activation
pax6 pax2 Repression
pax6 pcsk1 Activation
pax6 pcsk2 Activation
pax6 pdx1 Unknown
pax6 plagl1 Activation
pax6 rlbp1 Unknown
pax6 sfrp2 Activation
pax6 shh Activation
pax6 shroom3 Unknown
pax6 six3 Unknown
pax6 sost Unknown
pax6 sox2 Unknown
pax6 sp8 Activation
pax6 tcf4 Activation
pax6 tgfb2 Unknown
pax6 tlr4 Activation
pax6 trim11 Unknown
pax6 trp53 Activation
pax6 vsx2 Activation
pax6 wnt7b Activation
pax7 ets1 Unknown
pax7 id3 Activation
pax7 myf5 Unknown
pax7 myod1 Activation
pax7 myod1 Repression
pax7 nfix Activation
pax7 pax3 Unknown
pax8 en2 Unknown
pax8 ncam1 Activation
pax8 ret Activation
pax8 trp53 Repression
pax8 wt1 Activation
pax9 bmp4 Activation
pax9 bmp4 Repression
pbrm1 il10 Repression
pbx1 alx1 Activation
pbx1 cdh1 Activation
pbx1 cdkn2b Activation
pbx1 pf4 Activation
pbx1 cyp17a1 Activation
pbx1 dcc Unknown
pbx1 fgf10 Activation
pbx1 hoxb1 Unknown
pbx1 mc2r Activation
pbx1 myog Unknown
pbx1 pax3 Activation
pbx1 pax6 Unknown
pbx1 pbx1 Activation
pbx1 cdkn2b Repression
pbx2 pf4 Activation
pbx2 pax6 Unknown
pbx4 pgk2 Activation
pcbp2 trp53 Unknown
pcgf2 hif1a Unknown
pcgf2 il17a Activation
pcgf2 il17f Activation
pdx1 fam3b Activation
pdx1 gcg Unknown
pdx1 ins2 Activation
pdx1 ins2 Unknown
pdx1 neurog3 Activation
pdx1 nr5a2 Activation
pdx1 pax4 Unknown
pdx1 slc2a2 Unknown
pdx1 st18 Unknown
pdx1 tshz1 Unknown
peg3 zim1 Activation
pelp1 jun Repression
pelp1 nfkb1 Repression
pelp1 nr3c1 Repression
pelp1 nr4a1 Repression
pelp1 srf Repression
per1 arntl Activation
per1 bhlhe40 Unknown
per1 clock Activation
per1 crem Unknown
per1 cry2 Repression
per1 egr1 Unknown
per1 fxyd5 Unknown
per1 scnn1a Unknown
per1 slc12a3 Unknown
per2 ctnnb1 Unknown
per2 maoa Unknown
per2 ucp2 Repression
pgr adam8 Activation
pgr bcl2l1 Unknown
pgr csn2 Unknown
pgr cyp19a1 Unknown
pgr esr1 Activation
pgr fam89b Unknown
pgr fshb Unknown
pgr h19 Repression
pgr id4 Unknown
pgr ihh Unknown
pgr klf5 Activation
pgr nfkbia Activation
pgr ptger2 Unknown
pgr trp63 Unknown
phf12 lgals4 Repression
phf2 sox9 Unknown
phox2a dbh Activation
phox2a ncam1 Activation
phox2b dbh Activation
phox2b fos Activation
phox2b gata2 Activation
phox2b gata3 Activation
phox2b tlx2 Activation
pias1 nkx2_2 Unknown
pias2 hoxb1 Activation
pias2 nr3c1 Activation
pias3 jak2 Repression
pias3 mitf Repression
pias3 stat3 Repression
pias4 ccl20 Repression
pitx1 barx1 Activation
pitx1 fshb Unknown
pitx1 lhb Repression
pitx1 tbx1 Activation
pitx1 tbx4 Activation
pitx1 tert Repression
pitx2 amelx Unknown
pitx2 bmp4 Activation
pitx2 depdc1b Unknown
pitx2 dlx2 Activation
pitx2 dlx2 Unknown
pitx2 foxj1 Activation
pitx2 fshb Unknown
pitx2 gad1 Activation
pitx2 gata4 Activation
pitx2 hesx1 Unknown
pitx2 isl1 Activation
pitx2 lef1 Activation
pitx2 mef2c Activation
pitx2 mga Activation
pitx2 myf5 Activation
pitx2 myod1 Activation
pitx2 nr5a1 Unknown
pitx2 plod1 Unknown
pitx2 tbx1 Repression
pitx2 tbx15 Activation
pitx2 tbx2 Repression
pitx2 tbx4 Activation
pitx2 tbx5 Repression
pitx2 tbx6 Repression
pitx2 tpt1 Activation
pitx3 aldh1a1 Unknown
pitx3 bdnf Activation
pitx3 en1 Activation
pitx3 foxe3 Activation
pitx3 slc18a2 Activation
pitx3 slc6a3 Activation
pknox1 pbx2 Activation
pknox1 pgk2 Activation
pknox1 ptpn6 Activation
pknox1 syp Activation
plag1 egr1 Activation
plag1 fas Unknown
plag1 igf2 Activation
plag1 nkx3_1 Unknown
plag1 tnfrsf10b Unknown
plag1 trp53 Unknown
plagl2 igf2 Activation
plagl2 mpl Activation
plagl2 sftpc Activation
pml mdm2 Unknown
pnn cdx2 Activation
pou1f1 c1qtnf3 Unknown
pou1f1 gh Activation
pou1f1 gh Unknown
pou1f1 ghr Activation
pou1f1 neurod4 Unknown
pou1f1 prl Activation
pou1f1 prl Unknown
pou1f1 trh Unknown
pou1f1 tshb Activation
pou2af1 aldh1a7 Activation
pou2af1 btk Activation
pou2af1 cd79b Activation
pou2af1 cxcr5 Activation
pou2af1 id2 Unknown
pou2af1 id3 Unknown
pou2af1 igh Unknown
pou2af1 igk Activation
pou2af1 lgals1 Unknown
pou2af1 pou2f1 Activation
pou2af1 pou2f2 Activation
pou2af1 slc22a1 Unknown
pou2af1 spi1 Activation
pou2af1 spib Unknown
pou2f1 aldh3a1 Unknown
pou2f1 atp11c Unknown
pou2f1 btk Activation
pou2f1 cd79a Unknown
pou2f1 cd79b Unknown
pou2f1 cdx2 Activation
pou2f1 cdx2 Repression
pou2f1 csn2 Activation
pou2f1 csn2 Unknown
pou2f1 fam89b Activation
pou2f1 fam89b Unknown
pou2f1 gadd45a Repression
pou2f1 gnrh1 Activation
pou2f1 gnrh1 Unknown
pou2f1 ifng Unknown
pou2f1 il2 Activation
pou2f1 il2 Unknown
pou2f1 il4 Unknown
pou2f1 il5 Activation
pou2f1 irf3 Unknown
pou2f1 lpl Unknown
pou2f1 mad2l1 Activation
pou2f1 myh4 Unknown
pou2f1 nos2 Activation
pou2f1 thrb Activation
pou2f2 atp11c Unknown
pou2f2 btk Activation
pou2f2 cd36 Activation
pou2f2 cd36 Unknown
pou2f2 cd79a Unknown
pou2f2 cd79b Unknown
pou2f2 crisp3 Activation
pou2f2 csf3 Unknown
pou2f2 cxcr5 Activation
pou2f2 ifng Unknown
pou2f2 il2 Unknown
pou2f2 il4 Unknown
pou2f2 il5 Activation
pou2f2 il5ra Unknown
pou2f2 lpl Unknown
pou2f2 nos2 Unknown
pou2f2 pdcd1lg2 Unknown
pou2f2 retn Activation
pou2f3 lor Repression
pou3f1 egr2 Unknown
pou3f1 lor Repression
pou3f1 mbp Repression
pou3f1 mpz Repression
pou3f1 myf5 Activation
pou3f1 otx2 Repression
pou3f2 gnrh1 Activation
pou3f2 nes Repression
pou3f2 otx2 Repression
pou3f2 pax3 Unknown
pou3f3 otx2 Repression
pou3f4 epha4 Unknown
pou3f4 otx2 Repression
pou4f1 bax Repression
pou4f1 bcl2 Repression
pou4f1 bcl2l1 Repression
pou4f1 cdkn1a Activation
pou4f1 pmaip1 Unknown
pou4f1 pou4f2 Activation
pou4f1 runx3 Activation
pou4f1 syt1 Unknown
pou4f2 eomes Activation
pou4f3 myo6 Unknown
pou5f1 cdkn1a Repression
pou5f1 cdkn1a Unknown
pou5f1 cdx2 Repression
pou5f1 eed Unknown
pou5f1 fgf4 Activation
pou5f1 fgf4 Unknown
pou5f1 fgf8 Unknown
pou5f1 gata6 Repression
pou5f1 hst1 Unknown
pou5f1 kif2a Activation
pou5f1 klf2 Activation
pou5f1 lefty1 Activation
pou5f1 mesp1 Activation
pou5f1 mir302a Activation
pou5f1 mir302a Unknown
pou5f1 myod1 Repression
pou5f1 nanog Activation
pou5f1 nanog Unknown
pou5f1 nr0b1 Unknown
pou5f1 pax2 Activation
pou5f1 pou5f1 Activation
pou5f1 pou5f1 Unknown
pou5f1 rif1 Activation
pou5f1 sema6a Unknown
pou5f1 sox2 Activation
pou5f1 sox2 Repression
pou5f1 sox2 Unknown
pou5f1 stk40 Unknown
pou5f1 tet2 Activation
pou5f1 tpt1 Repression
pou5f1 utf1 Activation
pou5f1 utf1 Unknown
pou5f1 xist Repression
pou5f1 zfp42 Unknown
pou5f1 zfp819 Unknown
ppara abcd4 Activation
ppara acot1 Unknown
ppara akr1c18 Activation
ppara aldh3a2 Activation
ppara angptl4 Activation
ppara bcl2 Activation
ppara cd36 Activation
ppara cdkn2a Activation
ppara cebpa Repression
ppara cebpb Repression
ppara cebpd Repression
ppara cidea Activation
ppara cpt1a Unknown
ppara cyp7a1 Activation
ppara cyp7a1 Unknown
ppara fabp1 Unknown
ppara fabp4 Unknown
ppara fbp2 Activation
ppara gsk3b Activation
ppara gys2 Activation
ppara lgals4 Activation
ppara il6 Unknown
ppara il6ra Repression
ppara il6st Repression
ppara lpl Activation
ppara mmp12 Unknown
ppara mpo Unknown
ppara nfkbia Activation
ppara nfkbia Unknown
ppara nr1i2 Unknown
ppara pdk4 Unknown
ppara pex11a Unknown
ppara ptgs2 Unknown
ppara pxmp4 Activation
ppara rare1 Unknown
ppara rare2 Unknown
ppara retsat Unknown
ppara serpine1 Activation
ppara serpine2 Activation
ppara slc15a1 Unknown
ppara slc25a20 Activation
ppara slc27a1 Activation
ppara spp1 Repression
ppara stat5a Unknown
ppara tbx21 Repression
ppara trib3 Activation
ppara ucp2 Activation
ppara ucp3 Activation
ppara ucp3 Unknown
ppard angptl4 Repression
ppard angptl4 Unknown
ppard foxo1 Unknown
ppard gys2 Activation
ppard insig1 Activation
ppard lpl Activation
ppard pdk4 Activation
ppard pdk4 Unknown
ppard pparg Activation
ppard slc25a20 Activation
ppard sp1 Unknown
ppard tgfb1 Activation
ppard ucp3 Activation
pparg adipoq Unknown
pparg angptl4 Activation
pparg angptl4 Unknown
pparg atp2a2 Unknown
pparg c1qtnf3 Unknown
pparg cat Unknown
pparg cav1 Activation
pparg ccnd1 Repression
pparg cidea Activation
pparg cidec Unknown
pparg cops5 Repression
pparg csf1 Repression
pparg csf2 Unknown
pparg dbi Unknown
pparg egr1 Repression
pparg fabp4 Activation
pparg fabp4 Unknown
pparg fgf1 Unknown
pparg gck Unknown
pparg gys2 Activation
pparg hgf Activation
pparg hmox1 Activation
pparg ifng Repression
pparg il2 Repression
pparg il4 Repression
pparg insr Repression
pparg klf5 Unknown
pparg lipe Unknown
pparg maf Repression
pparg mstn Unknown
pparg muc1 Activation
pparg paqr7 Activation
pparg pcx Unknown
pparg pdx1 Unknown
pparg plin1 Unknown
pparg plin2 Activation
pparg plin4 Unknown
pparg plin5 Activation
pparg ptgs2 Repression
pparg retn Activation
pparg retn Repression
pparg scarb1 Unknown
pparg scnn1g Activation
pparg serpine1 Unknown
pparg slc27a1 Activation
pparg slc2a2 Unknown
pparg sod2 Unknown
pparg sorbs1 Activation
pparg tmem159 Activation
pparg trp53 Activation
pparg ucp1 Unknown
pparg ucp2 Activation
pparg ucp3 Activation
ppargc1a apoa4 Activation
ppargc1a cav3 Activation
ppargc1a cidea Activation
ppargc1a cpt1b Activation
ppargc1a cyp11b2 Unknown
ppargc1a g6pc Activation
ppargc1a hamp Unknown
ppargc1a hnf4a Unknown
ppargc1a lhb Unknown
ppargc1a mbp Activation
ppargc1a nr1i2 Unknown
ppargc1a nrf1 Unknown
ppargc1a pdhx Repression
ppargc1a pitx3 Repression
ppargc1a ppara Activation
ppargc1a srebf2 Activation
ppargc1a tfam Unknown
ppargc1a tfb1m Unknown
ppargc1a tfb2m Unknown
ppargc1a ucp1 Unknown
ppargc1b esrra Activation
ppargc1b foxa2 Activation
ppargc1b mfn2 Activation
prdm1 bcl6 Repression
prdm1 bmp5 Repression
prdm1 cxcr5 Repression
prdm1 id3 Repression
prdm1 ifnb1 Repression
prdm1 map3k5 Repression
prdm1 nlrp12 Repression
prdm1 pax5 Repression
prdm1 pdcd1 Repression
prdm1 tnfrsf17 Activation
prdm1 xbp1 Unknown
prdm13 ascl1 Repression
prdm13 tlx1 Repression
prdm13 tlx3 Repression
prdm16 pparg Activation
prdm16 rbl1 Repression
prdm5 col1a1 Activation
prdm8 cdh11 Unknown
prdm8 cdh11 Repression
prl csn2 Unknown
prop1 fshb Activation
prop1 notch2 Activation
prox1 calcrl Unknown
prox1 ccne1 Activation
prox1 crygd Repression
prox1 cyp7a1 Repression
prox1 esrra Repression
prox1 flt4 Activation
prox1 flt4 Unknown
prox1 gfi1 Unknown
prox1 ifng Repression
prox1 nkx2_5 Repression
prox1 notch1 Unknown
prox1 olig2 Activation
prox1 pdpn Unknown
prox1 rgs4 Repression
prox1 twist1 Repression
prrx1 sox9 Unknown
prrx1 tgfb3 Activation
prrx1 tnc Activation
prrx1 tnc Repression
prrx2 serpine2 Unknown
prrx2 tnc Repression
ptf1a atoh7 Repression
ptf1a neurog2 Unknown
ptf1a nr5a2 Unknown
ptf1a prdm13 Unknown
pth ccnd1 Activation
pthlh ccnd1 Activation
pthlh cdk1 Activation
pttg1 pttg1ip Activation
pura e2f1 Repression
pura mbp Unknown
pwp1 stat3 Unknown
pygo2 pax6 Unknown
raf1 mapk1 Activation
rala fos Unknown
rara cebpe Unknown
rara klf5 Unknown
rara lamb1 Activation
rara abcc2 Activation
rara nepn Unknown
rara pcp2 Unknown
rara pitx2 Unknown
rara pou5f1 Activation
rara rare1 Unknown
rara rare2 Unknown
rara stat1 Repression
rarb jun Unknown
rarb pitx2 Unknown
rarb rdh2 Activation
rarg cnr1 Unknown
rarg cyp26a1 Unknown
rarg il17a Activation
rarg pitx2 Unknown
rax otx2 Activation
rb1 atf2 Unknown
rb1 bglap2 Activation
rb1 bin1 Unknown
rb1 birc5 Unknown
rb1 tdgf1 Unknown
rb1 ccnd1 Activation
rb1 cdkn1a Activation
rb1 dnmt1 Repression
rb1 dnmt1 Unknown
rb1 e2f1 Unknown
rb1 elf1 Unknown
rb1 fos Unknown
rb1 fosl1 Repression
rb1 h2_ea_ps Activation
rb1 ifi202b Activation
rb1 ifi202b Activation
rb1 igf2 Unknown
rb1 jun Unknown
rb1 mybl2 Unknown
rb1 robo3 Repression
rb1 sp1 Activation
rb1 sp1 Unknown
rb1 spi1 Activation
rbl1 alpl Unknown
rbl1 fgf2 Unknown
rbl1 hes1 Repression
rbl1 mybl2 Unknown
rbl1 myc Repression
rbl1 mycn Unknown
rbl2 alb Unknown
rbl2 birc5 Unknown
rbl2 brca1 Repression
rbl2 ccna2 Repression
rbl2 cdc25a Unknown
rbl2 cdk2 Unknown
rbl2 pcna Repression
rbl2 rad51 Repression
rbl2 sox2 Activation
rbl2 stmn1 Unknown
rbmx jund Repression
rbpj ascl1 Unknown
rbpj birc5 Unknown
rbpj cdh2 Unknown
rbpj cdkn1a Unknown
rbpj cr2 Activation
rbpj cr2 Unknown
rbpj fos Repression
rbpj hes1 Activation
rbpj hes1 Unknown
rbpj hesx1 Unknown
rbpj hoxd1 Activation
rbpj lfng Unknown
rbpj nfatc1 Repression
rbpj nodal Unknown
rbpj olig2 Repression
rbpj plcg2 Repression
rbpj prdm1 Repression
rbpj rlim Activation
rbpj sox9 Activation
rbpj sox9 Unknown
rbpj tyrobp Activation
rel bcl2a1d Activation
rel birc3 Activation
rel ccl2 Unknown
rel ccl5 Activation
rel cebpd Unknown
rel e2f3 Unknown
rel ezh2 Activation
rel foxp3 Activation
rel ifng Repression
rel igk Activation
rel il12a Activation
rel il12a Unknown
rel il12b Activation
rel il12b Unknown
rel il1b Activation
rel il2 Activation
rel il2 Unknown
rel il21 Unknown
rel il23a Activation
rel il23a Unknown
rel il4 Activation
rel myc Activation
rel myc Repression
rel myc Unknown
rel ngb Unknown
rel nos2 Activation
rel nos2 Unknown
rel pthlh Unknown
rel rc3h1 Activation
rel rorc Unknown
rel sod2 Activation
rel tcrg_c1 Activation
rel tnf Activation
rel tnf Repression
rel tnfaip3 Activation
rel wt1 Activation
rela agt Unknown
rela akt1 Activation
rela apoe Unknown
rela cdkn2a Repression
rela atp12a Repression
rela bcl2 Activation
rela bcl2a1d Activation
rela bcl2l1 Activation
rela birc3 Activation
rela xiap Repression
rela xiap Unknown
rela bmp2 Activation
rela cacna1c Repression
rela ccl12 Activation
rela ccl12 Unknown
rela ccl2 Activation
rela ccl2 Unknown
rela ccl20 Unknown
rela ccl5 Unknown
rela ccnd1 Activation
rela ccnd1 Unknown
rela cd38 Unknown
rela cd40 Activation
rela cd80 Activation
rela cd86 Activation
rela cdk9 Activation
rela cdkn1b Repression
rela cdx2 Repression
rela cflar Activation
rela cldn5 Repression
rela col1a1 Repression
rela csf1 Activation
rela cxadr Unknown
rela cxcl10 Activation
rela cxcl11 Unknown
rela cxcl15 Activation
rela cxcl15 Unknown
rela cxcr4 Unknown
rela cyp11a1 Unknown
rela dcst1 Activation
rela dcst2 Activation
rela dmp1 Repression
rela dmp1 Unknown
rela dnmt1 Unknown
rela duox2 Unknown
rela ebi3 Unknown
rela epas1 Activation
rela fas Activation
rela fasl Activation
rela kdm2a Unknown
rela fn1 Activation
rela fos Unknown
rela fth1 Activation
rela gabre Repression
rela gli1 Activation
rela hes1 Activation
rela hes1 Repression
rela hgf Repression
rela hk Activation
rela hsd11b2 Activation
rela icam1 Unknown
rela ifnb1 Repression
rela ifng Activation
rela igf2bp2 Unknown
rela igk Activation
rela il10 Unknown
rela il12b Activation
rela il12b Unknown
rela il2 Activation
rela il2 Unknown
rela il23a Activation
rela il23a Unknown
rela il4 Unknown
rela il6 Activation
rela il6 Unknown
rela il9 Unknown
rela irf4 Unknown
rela itch Activation
rela klf5 Unknown
rela klrb1c Activation
rela ltc4s Repression
rela map3k8 Unknown
rela met Activation
rela mgmt Unknown
rela mmp3 Unknown
rela mmp14 Activation
rela mmp9 Activation
rela mmp9 Unknown
rela myc Activation
rela myc Unknown
rela nfkb1 Activation
rela nfkb1 Unknown
rela ngb Unknown
rela nos2 Activation
rela nos2 Repression
rela nos2 Unknown
rela nrf1 Unknown
rela pdk4 Repression
rela pecam1 Activation
rela pgf Unknown
rela pglyrp1 Activation
rela phex Unknown
rela ppara Repression
rela ppm1d Unknown
rela psme2 Unknown
rela ptafr Unknown
rela pten Repression
rela ptgs2 Activation
rela ptgs2 Unknown
rela ptpn1 Unknown
rela reg3b Activation
rela ripk2 Activation
rela rorc Unknown
rela selp Activation
rela serpine2 Activation
rela shh Unknown
rela slc1a2 Activation
rela slc2a4 Unknown
rela sod2 Activation
rela sod2 Unknown
rela sox9 Unknown
rela stim1 Unknown
rela stk39 Activation
rela tcrg_c1 Activation
rela tec Activation
rela tlr2 Unknown
rela tnf Activation
rela tnf Repression
rela tnf Unknown
rela tnfaip3 Activation
rela tnfrsf4 Unknown
rela tnfsf13b Activation
rela trim63 Unknown
rela trp53 Unknown
rela trp63 Repression
rela trp73 Repression
rela twist1 Activation
rela twist1 Unknown
rela upp1 Activation
rela vcam1 Unknown
rela wt1 Activation
rela wt1 Unknown
rela yy1 Unknown
relb birc2 Unknown
relb ccnd1 Activation
relb ccnd1 Repression
relb ccnd1 Unknown
relb hes1 Unknown
relb myb Activation
relb myc Activation
relb myc Repression
relb tcrg_c1 Activation
rere rarb Unknown
rest bdnf Repression
rest brinp1 Repression
rest bsx Unknown
rest cacna1h Unknown
rest celsr3 Repression
rest dyrk1a Unknown
rest gjd2 Repression
rest gjd2 Unknown
rest grin2b Repression
rest kcnn4 Repression
rest npas4 Repression
rest oprm1 Repression
rest oprm1 Unknown
rest penk Repression
rest scn8a Activation
rest srrm4 Repression
rest tph2 Activation
rfx1 fgf1 Unknown
rfx1 map1a Repression
rfx3 gck Unknown
rfx4 msi1 Activation
rfx5 h2_aa Unknown
rfx5 h2_ab1 Unknown
rfx5 h2_dma Unknown
rfx5 h2_dmb1 Unknown
rfx5 h2_ea_ps Unknown
rfx5 h2_eb1 Unknown
rfx5 h2_oa Unknown
rfx5 h2_ob Unknown
rfxank h2_aa Unknown
rfxank h2_ab1 Unknown
rfxank h2_dma Unknown
rfxank h2_dmb1 Unknown
rfxank h2_ea_ps Unknown
rfxank h2_eb1 Unknown
rfxank h2_oa Unknown
rfxank h2_ob Unknown
rfxap h2_aa Unknown
rfxap h2_ab1 Unknown
rfxap h2_dma Unknown
rfxap h2_dmb1 Unknown
rfxap h2_ea_ps Unknown
rfxap h2_eb1 Unknown
rfxap h2_oa Unknown
rfxap h2_ob Unknown
rnf2 fezf2 Unknown
rnf2 hoxb4 Activation
rnf2 hoxb6 Activation
rnf2 hoxb8 Activation
rnf2 scnn1a Unknown
rnf2 sox2 Activation
rnf2 trp63 Repression
rnf2 zfp42 Activation
rora apoa1 Activation
rora apoc3 Activation
rora arntl Activation
rora cav3 Unknown
rora cpt1b Unknown
rora cyp7b1 Activation
rora e2f1 Unknown
rora lamb1 Activation
rora npsr1 Repression
rora pcp2 Activation
rora ppara Activation
rps6ka5 fos Activation
runx1 ai467606 Activation
runx1 art1 Unknown
runx1 cd40 Repression
runx1 cd79a Activation
runx1 cdkn2a Repression
runx1 cebpa Unknown
runx1 csf1r Activation
runx1 fxyd2 Activation
runx1 ifng Activation
runx1 igfbp3 Repression
runx1 il2 Activation
runx1 il23a Unknown
runx1 mpl Unknown
runx1 piezo2 Unknown
runx1 slc22a17 Repression
runx1 smad6 Activation
runx1 spi1 Unknown
runx1t1 bcl2 Activation
runx1t1 runx1 Unknown
runx1t1 tcf12 Activation
runx2 alpl Activation
runx2 asrgl1 Activation
runx2 atf6 Unknown
runx2 axin2 Repression
runx2 bax Activation
runx2 bglap Activation
runx2 bglap Unknown
runx2 bglap2 Activation
runx2 bglap2 Unknown
runx2 bmp2 Unknown
runx2 cox2 Unknown
runx2 col10a1 Activation
runx2 col10a1 Unknown
runx2 col1a1 Activation
runx2 col1a2 Activation
runx2 col2a1 Activation
runx2 crebzf Unknown
runx2 csn2 Unknown
runx2 cyp11a1 Unknown
runx2 cyp19a1 Activation
runx2 ddx5 Repression
runx2 dkk1 Activation
runx2 dspp Activation
runx2 dspp Unknown
runx2 elanee Activation
runx2 enpp1 Unknown
runx2 fgr18 Activation
runx2 fgf18 Unknown
runx2 fgf3 Activation
runx2 gdf10 Unknown
runx2 gja3 Activation
runx2 hbegf Unknown
runx2 hes1 Repression
runx2 ibsp Activation
runx2 ibsp Unknown
runx2 ifi204 Unknown
runx2 ihh Activation
runx2 ihh Unknown
runx2 ikzf1 Unknown
runx2 lef1 Unknown
runx2 lgals3 Activation
runx2 mcm3 Unknown
runx2 mgp Activation
runx2 mmp13 Activation
runx2 mmp13 Unknown
runx2 nr2f2 Repression
runx2 olfr17 Unknown
runx2 osr1 Unknown
runx2 panx3 Unknown
runx2 pparg Repression
runx2 pttg1ip Activation
runx2 shox2 Activation
runx2 smad6 Repression
runx2 smurf1 Activation
runx2 smurf1 Unknown
runx2 sox5 Activation
runx2 sox6 Activation
runx2 sox9 Activation
runx2 sox9 Repression
runx2 sp7 Activation
runx2 spp1 Activation
runx2 spp1 Unknown
runx2 tcf7 Activation
runx2 tg Activation
runx2 tg Unknown
runx2 thbs1 Unknown
runx2 tnfsf11 Activation
runx2 tnfsf11 Repression
runx2 tnfsf11 Unknown
runx2 zfp64 Unknown
runx2 bglap2 Activation
runx3 ccr7 Repression
runx3 cd4 Repression
runx3 cldn7 Activation
runx3 ifng Activation
runx3 ifng Unknown
runx3 itgae Activation
runx3 pirb Activation
runx3 slc22a17 Activation
runx3 thbs1 Unknown
ruvbl2 cdkn2c Repression
rxra abcb11 Activation
rxra amelx Activation
rxra cyp26a1 Unknown
rxra cyp2b10 Unknown
rxra cyp7a1 Unknown
rxra dr1 Unknown
rxra lipe Unknown
rxra mpo Unknown
rxra abcc2 Activation
rxra mttp Activation
rxra nr0b2 Activation
rxra pcx Unknown
rxra rare1 Unknown
rxra rare2 Unknown
rxra srebf1 Activation
rxra srebf1 Unknown
rxrb pcx Unknown
sall1 kif26b Unknown
sall2 bax Activation
sall2 cdkn1a Activation
sall2 cdkn1a Unknown
sall4 hoxa9 Activation
sall4 pou5f1 Activation
sall4 pou5f1 Unknown
sall4 pten Repression
sall4 sall4 Unknown
satb1 bcl2 Activation
satb1 cr2 Unknown
satb1 il4 Activation
satb1 nanog Repression
satb1 nes Activation
satb1 spi1 Activation
satb2 trp63 Repression
satb2 upf3b Activation
scx col2a1 Activation
sertad1 e2f1 Activation
sertad1 tfdp1 Activation
setbp1 hoxa10 Unknown
sf1 abcg2 Activation
sf1 amh Activation
sf1 cga Activation
sf1 cyp11a1 Activation
sf1 cyp17a1 Unknown
sf1 cyp26b1 Activation
sf1 gnrh1 Unknown
sf1 hsd3b4 Unknown
sf1 inha Activation
sf1 lhb Activation
sf1 lhb Repression
sf1 amh Activation
sf1 nr0b1 Activation
sf1 nr0b1 Unknown
sf1 pou5f1 Repression
sf1 sox9 Activation
sf1 star Unknown
sf1 vnn1 Activation
sfpq cyp11a1 Unknown
shh gli1 Activation
shox2 bmp4 Unknown
shox2 hcn4 Activation
shox2 nkx2_5 Repression
shox2 nkx2_5 Unknown
sim1 pou3f2 Activation
sim2 myod1 Repression
sim2 otp Unknown
sin3a cebpb Unknown
sin3a map4 Unknown
sin3a nos2 Unknown
sin3a rest Repression
sin3a smarca4 Unknown
sin3a sp3 Activation
sin3a star Unknown
sin3b bmi1 Repression
sirt1 abcb1a Activation
sirt1 bcl2l1 Unknown
sirt1 bclaf1 Repression
sirt1 crp Unknown
sirt1 dkk1 Unknown
sirt1 hes1 Unknown
sirt1 il6 Repression
sirt1 mmp13 Repression
sirt1 mmp9 Repression
sirt1 nox1 Repression
sirt1 nr0b2 Activation
sirt1 nr0b2 Repression
sirt1 nr1i2 Unknown
sirt1 hcrtr2 Activation
sirt1 parp1 Repression
sirt1 pparg Repression
sirt1 rela Repression
sirt1 retn Unknown
sirt1 rictor Activation
sirt1 scnn1a Repression
sirt1 shc1 Unknown
sirt1 sirt6 Activation
sirt1 smad3 Unknown
sirt1 srebf1 Activation
sirt1 timp1 Activation
sirt1 trp53 Activation
sirt1 trp53 Repression
sirt1 ucp2 Repression
sirt5 hmgcs2 Unknown
six1 atoh1 Activation
six1 ccna2 Activation
six1 ccnd1 Activation
six1 dusp6 Activation
six1 mtor Activation
six1 myf5 Unknown
six1 myod1 Activation
six1 myog Activation
six1 neurod1 Unknown
six1 neurog1 Unknown
six1 pax2 Repression
six1 sall1 Repression
six1 six2 Repression
six1 vegfc Activation
six2 fgf8 Unknown
six2 gdnf Unknown
six2 osr1 Unknown
six2 wnt4 Unknown
six2 zeb2 Activation
six3 crygd Repression
six3 pax6 Activation
six3 shh Activation
six3 wnt1 Repression
six3 wnt8b Repression
six4 myf5 Unknown
six5 igfbp5 Activation
six6 cdkn1b Repression
ski cck Activation
ski myog Activation
ski srebf1 Repression
skil adam12 Repression
skil afp Repression
skil itch Repression
skil tpt1 Repression
skil trp53 Activation
sla2 cd3e Repression
sla2 csf1r Repression
smad1 bmp2 Activation
smad1 cdkn1a Activation
smad1 col1a1 Activation
smad1 col2a1 Activation
smad1 col4a1 Unknown
smad1 col4a2 Unknown
smad1 creld2 Unknown
smad1 dsg4 Unknown
smad1 hey1 Unknown
smad1 hhex Activation
smad1 id2 Unknown
smad1 id3 Activation
smad1 ifi204 Activation
smad1 msx2 Unknown
smad1 nkx2_5 Activation
smad1 ovol2 Unknown
smad1 runx1 Activation
smad1 runx2 Activation
smad1 smad6 Activation
smad1 smad6 Unknown
smad1 spp1 Activation
smad1 tbx20 Activation
smad1 tlx2 Unknown
smad1 tnfrsf11b Activation
smad1 tnfsf11 Unknown
smad2 afp Activation
smad2 becn1 Repression
smad2 cdkn1a Activation
smad2 dapk1 Activation
smad2 fbln5 Unknown
smad2 foxp3 Activation
smad2 fshb Unknown
smad2 gadd45b Unknown
smad2 gsc Activation
smad2 h19 Activation
smad2 hes1 Activation
smad2 hoxd11 Unknown
smad2 il2 Unknown
smad2 il9 Activation
smad2 nanog Activation
smad2 pparg Unknown
smad2 rgcc Activation
smad2 skil Activation
smad2 acta2 Unknown
smad3 acta2 Activation
smad3 acta2 Unknown
smad3 angptl2 Unknown
smad3 ccl2 Repression
smad3 cdh1 Repression
smad3 cdkn2b Activation
smad3 cldn3 Repression
smad3 col1a2 Activation
smad3 col1a2 Unknown
smad3 col2a1 Activation
smad3 ctgf Activation
smad3 cxadr Repression
smad3 dapk1 Activation
smad3 enpp1 Unknown
smad3 fbln5 Unknown
smad3 fn1 Activation
smad3 foxp3 Activation
smad3 fshb Unknown
smad3 gadd45b Unknown
smad3 gast Activation
smad3 gsc Repression
smad3 h19 Activation
smad3 il2 Repression
smad3 il23a Repression
smad3 il31 Unknown
smad3 il9 Activation
smad3 il9 Unknown
smad3 jun Unknown
smad3 lgals9 Activation
smad3 mir433 Activation
smad3 mmp9 Unknown
smad3 myc Repression
smad3 myocd Repression
smad3 nedd9 Repression
smad3 nov Unknown
smad3 ocln Repression
smad3 plau Unknown
smad3 pparg Unknown
smad3 ppargc1a Repression
smad3 psme3 Unknown
smad3 rif1 Repression
smad3 runx2 Repression
smad3 serpine1 Activation
smad3 sirt1 Activation
smad3 sirt1 Unknown
smad3 smad7 Activation
smad3 snai1 Unknown
smad3 sstr2 Activation
smad3 tagln Activation
smad3 tagln Unknown
smad3 tnfsf13b Activation
smad3 tpsab1 Activation
smad3 tpt1 Activation
smad3 vegfa Activation
smad3 acta2 Unknown
smad4 afp Activation
smad4 bmpr1b Activation
smad4 cdh1 Repression
smad4 cdkn1a Activation
smad4 cdkn2b Activation
smad4 cldn3 Repression
smad4 col2a1 Activation
smad4 cxadr Repression
smad4 dapk1 Activation
smad4 dsg4 Activation
smad4 fshb Activation
smad4 gadd45b Unknown
smad4 gast Activation
smad4 gsc Activation
smad4 h19 Activation
smad4 hgf Unknown
smad4 hhex Activation
smad4 id2 Unknown
smad4 id3 Activation
smad4 ifi204 Activation
smad4 il10 Activation
smad4 il9 Activation
smad4 jun Unknown
smad4 mmp7 Unknown
smad4 muc5ac Activation
smad4 nkx2_1 Unknown
smad4 nkx2_5 Activation
smad4 ocln Repression
smad4 pparg Unknown
smad4 scnn1a Repression
smad4 skil Activation
smad4 smad7 Unknown
smad4 snai1 Unknown
smad4 sstr2 Activation
smad4 tgfb1 Repression
smad4 tgfbr2 Activation
smad4 tlx2 Unknown
smad4 tnfsf13b Activation
smad4 tpsab1 Activation
smad4 vegfa Activation
smad5 bmp2 Unknown
smad5 col2a1 Activation
smad5 creld2 Unknown
smad5 dsg4 Unknown
smad5 id2 Unknown
smad5 id3 Activation
smad5 ifi204 Activation
smad5 ovol2 Unknown
smad5 smad6 Unknown
smad5 nr2e1 Unknown
smad6 cdk6 Unknown
smad6 col1a2 Repression
smad6 id1 Repression
smad6 runx1 Repression
smad6 map3k7 Unknown
smad7 col1a2 Repression
smad7 glb1 Unknown
smad7 met Activation
smad7 nfkbia Activation
smad7 smad3 Repression
smad7 tgfb1 Activation
smad7 tnfsf13b Repression
smad7 vegfa Repression
smad9 bmpr1b Activation
smad9 id2 Unknown
smarca2 calm1 Activation
smarca2 ccna2 Unknown
smarca2 cd44 Activation
smarca2 cdh1 Activation
smarca2 tmem50a Unknown
smarca4 adamts1 Repression
smarca4 calm1 Activation
smarca4 cd44 Activation
smarca4 cdh1 Activation
smarca4 cdkn1a Unknown
smarca4 epb42 Repression
smarca4 hmox1 Activation
smarca4 il4 Unknown
smarca4 mitf Unknown
smarca4 myog Activation
smarca4 nanog Unknown
smarca4 nfkbia Activation
smarca4 pou5f1 Repression
smarca4 pou5f1 Unknown
smarca4 rest Unknown
smarca4 sall4 Unknown
smarca4 sftpb Activation
smarca4 sftpb Unknown
smarca4 sox2 Unknown
smarca4 sparc Unknown
smarca4 tbx5 Unknown
smarca5 dido1 Repression
smarcc1 nanog Repression
smarcc1 psat1 Unknown
smarcd1 arntl Activation
smarcd1 g6pc Activation
smarce1 nanog Repression
smurf1 smad6 Repression
smurf2 mavs Repression
smurf2 rap1b Unknown
smurf2 runx2 Repression
smyd1 hand2 Unknown
snai1 cdh1 Activation
snai1 cdh1 Repression
snai1 cdh1 Unknown
snai1 cdx2 Repression
snai1 cldn3 Repression
snai1 col2a1 Repression
snai1 ctnnb1 Repression
snai1 cxadr Repression
snai1 fn1 Unknown
snai1 hnf4a Repression
snai1 id1 Activation
snai1 itgb4 Repression
snai1 kit Unknown
snai1 lin28a Activation
snai1 llgl2 Repression
snai1 mir290a Activation
snai1 mir295 Activation
snai1 mmp2 Activation
snai1 nanog Unknown
snai1 nr5a2 Unknown
snai1 ocln Repression
snai1 phgdh Repression
snai1 ptgs2 Repression
snai1 runx2 Repression
snai1 snai1 Unknown
snai1 tcl1 Unknown
snai1 tfcp2l1 Unknown
snai1 thbd Repression
snai1 tjp1 Repression
snai1 trp53 Repression
snai1 mmp15 Activation
snai2 bbc3 Repression
snai2 bbc3 Unknown
snai2 cdh1 Repression
snai2 cdx2 Repression
snai2 col2a1 Repression
snai2 ctnnb1 Repression
snai2 dsg2 Repression
snai2 lpar2 Repression
snai2 h19 Activation
snai2 ocln Repression
snai2 tjp1 Repression
snd1 e2f1 Activation
sox10 aatk Unknown
sox10 dct Activation
sox10 dct Unknown
sox10 dhh Activation
sox10 egr2 Activation
sox10 hes5 Unknown
sox10 l1cam Unknown
sox10 mitf Activation
sox10 mitf Unknown
sox10 mpz Activation
sox10 mpz Unknown
sox10 olig2 Unknown
sox10 ret Activation
sox10 sufu Unknown
sox10 tyr Activation
sox11 gdf5 Activation
sox11 tank Activation
sox11 wnt4 Unknown
sox14 calb2 Unknown
sox15 casp3 Unknown
sox15 hrc Activation
sox17 macc1 Repression
sox17 ccnd1 Repression
sox17 ccnd1 Unknown
sox17 cer1 Activation
sox17 ctnnb1 Repression
sox17 foxa2 Activation
sox17 foxj1 Activation
sox17 lama1 Activation
sox17 lef1 Activation
sox17 lef1 Repression
sox17 mbp Unknown
sox17 nepn Activation
sox17 sftpc Repression
sox18 oprm1 Activation
sox18 oprm1 Unknown
sox18 prox1 Activation
sox2 atoh1 Activation
sox2 birc5 Activation
sox2 ccnd1 Repression
sox2 cdkn1b Activation
sox2 egfr Activation
sox2 fgf4 Activation
sox2 fgf4 Repression
sox2 fgf4 Unknown
sox2 gli3 Unknown
sox2 jag1 Unknown
sox2 lef1 Repression
sox2 lefty1 Activation
sox2 ly6a Unknown
sox2 mir302a Unknown
sox2 mycn Unknown
sox2 nanog Repression
sox2 nanog Unknown
sox2 neurod1 Unknown
sox2 neurog1 Activation
sox2 neurog1 Unknown
sox2 nkx2_1 Activation
sox2 nr2e1 Activation
sox2 pou1f1 Activation
sox2 pou5f1 Activation
sox2 pou5f1 Unknown
sox2 sema6a Unknown
sox2 shh Unknown
sox2 six3 Activation
sox2 sox2 Activation
sox2 utf1 Activation
sox2 utf1 Unknown
sox2 xist Repression
sox2 zscan10 Activation
sox2 zfp819 Unknown
sox21 hes5 Repression
sox4 cald1 Unknown
sox4 ctnnb1 Activation
sox4 ezh2 Repression
sox4 mecom Activation
sox4 spi1 Repression
sox4 tcf4 Activation
sox5 catsper1 Unknown
sox5 ifi204 Unknown
sox5 nfkbib Unknown
sox5 pthlh Activation
sox5 sox10 Unknown
sox5 spag6 Unknown
sox6 ccnd1 Repression
sox6 fgf3 Repression
sox6 pthlh Activation
sox6 trp53 Activation
sox7 fgf3 Activation
sox7 lama1 Activation
sox7 sox4 Activation
sox8 amh Unknown
sox8 col1a1 Unknown
sox8 sox10 Activation
sox8 sox9 Activation
sox9 best1 Activation
sox9 bmi1 Activation
sox9 catsper1 Unknown
sox9 cdh1 Repression
sox9 cdkn1a Activation
sox9 cdkn1a Repression
sox9 col2a1 Activation
sox9 col2a1 Unknown
sox9 ctgf Repression
sox9 ctnnb1 Repression
sox9 cyp26b1 Activation
sox9 etv2 Activation
sox9 fgf9 Activation
sox9 furin Activation
sox9 lxn Activation
sox9 matn1 Unknown
sox9 mia Activation
sox9 mia Unknown
sox9 neurog3 Activation
sox9 nkx3_2 Unknown
sox9 pax3 Repression
sox9 pdx1 Activation
sox9 pdx1 Unknown
sox9 phex Activation
sox9 pik3ca Activation
sox9 pthlh Activation
sox9 ret Activation
sox9 sgca Repression
sox9 slc6a19 Repression
sox9 sox10 Activation
sox9 vegfa Repression
sox9 vnn1 Activation
sox9 wwp2 Activation
sp1 abca1 Unknown
sp1 abcb1a Unknown
sp1 abcc1 Activation
sp1 abcc6 Unknown
sp1 acaca Activation
sp1 acsbg1 Activation
sp1 acsl4 Unknown
sp1 acss1 Activation
sp1 acta2 Activation
sp1 adcy4 Unknown
sp1 adcyap1r1 Activation
sp1 agt Unknown
sp1 ahr Activation
sp1 ahr Unknown
sp1 aldh3a1 Unknown
sp1 alox5 Unknown
sp1 alox8 Unknown
sp1 aplp1 Unknown
sp1 apoe Unknown
sp1 app Activation
sp1 ar Unknown
sp1 arntl Activation
sp1 asah1 Unknown
sp1 ascl2 Activation
sp1 atp12a Unknown
sp1 atxn3 Unknown
sp1 bace1 Activation
sp1 bach1 Unknown
sp1 bfsp1 Activation
sp1 bglap Unknown
sp1 bglap2 Activation
sp1 bhlhe40 Unknown
sp1 bmp2 Unknown
sp1 bmp4 Unknown
sp1 bmp7 Unknown
sp1 bsg Activation
sp1 bsx Unknown
sp1 btk Activation
sp1 cadm1 Activation
sp1 ccl2 Activation
sp1 ccl2 Unknown
sp1 ccna1 Activation
sp1 ccnd1 Activation
sp1 ccnd1 Unknown
sp1 ccnd2 Activation
sp1 ccnd3 Activation
sp1 ccnd3 Unknown
sp1 cd14 Unknown
sp1 cd1d2 Activation
sp1 cd55 Unknown
sp1 cd79a Unknown
sp1 cdh5 Activation
sp1 cdk5r1 Unknown
sp1 cdk5r2 Unknown
sp1 cdk6 Unknown
sp1 cdkn1a Activation
sp1 cdkn1a Unknown
sp1 cdkn1c Activation
sp1 cdkn2c Activation
sp1 cdkn2d Unknown
sp1 cebpa Repression
sp1 cebpd Unknown
sp1 cend1 Activation
sp1 ces1d Activation
sp1 ces2c Unknown
sp1 cirbp Activation
sp1 cldn19 Activation
sp1 col1a1 Unknown
sp1 col1a2 Activation
sp1 col2a1 Activation
sp1 col5a1 Activation
sp1 cops5 Activation
sp1 cox17 Activation
sp1 cox4i1 Repression
sp1 csf1 Activation
sp1 csf1r Activation
sp1 csf2 Activation
sp1 csrp2 Activation
sp1 ctse Activation
sp1 cxadr Unknown
sp1 cyp11a1 Activation
sp1 cyp11a1 Unknown
sp1 dck Unknown
sp1 dmd Activation
sp1 dnm1 Unknown
sp1 dnmt1 Activation
sp1 dnmt1 Unknown
sp1 ecm1 Activation
sp1 egfr Unknown
sp1 egr1 Activation
sp1 epas1 Unknown
sp1 epor Activation
sp1 epor Repression
sp1 esrra Unknown
sp1 ets1 Unknown
sp1 fabp6 Unknown
sp1 fasl Unknown
sp1 fbln1 Unknown
sp1 fmr1 Activation
sp1 fos Unknown
sp1 gabra6 Unknown
sp1 gfap Unknown
sp1 gfpt2 Unknown
sp1 ghr Unknown
sp1 slc2a1 Unknown
sp1 gpc4 Activation
sp1 gstk1 Repression
sp1 hba_x Unknown
sp1 hdac7 Unknown
sp1 heca Unknown
sp1 hgf Activation
sp1 hinfp Activation
sp1 hmga1 Unknown
sp1 hmga2 Activation
sp1 hmga2 Unknown
sp1 hmgcl Unknown
sp1 hmgcr Unknown
sp1 hrasls5 Activation
sp1 hspa1b Activation
sp1 hspa1b Repression
sp1 htr1a Unknown
sp1 icam1 Activation
sp1 ifitm5 Activation
sp1 igfbp3 Unknown
sp1 il10 Activation
sp1 il10 Unknown
sp1 il2 Activation
sp1 il5ra Unknown
sp1 il6 Unknown
sp1 insr Unknown
sp1 irs1 Unknown
sp1 itga5 Activation
sp1 itga6 Activation
sp1 ivl Unknown
sp1 jak3 Activation
sp1 jun Unknown
sp1 jund Activation
sp1 kcna5 Unknown
sp1 kcnn3 Activation
sp1 kcnn3 Repression
sp1 kctd13 Unknown
sp1 kdm5a Activation
sp1 kit Unknown
sp1 klf16 Activation
sp1 krt5 Activation
sp1 lama1 Activation
sp1 lgals1 Activation
sp1 lhcgr Unknown
sp1 lhx4 Unknown
sp1 lipe Activation
sp1 lmna Unknown
sp1 lor Repression
sp1 lpl Unknown
sp1 ltf Repression
sp1 mapk1 Unknown
sp1 mbp Unknown
sp1 mertk Unknown
sp1 met Activation
sp1 met Repression
sp1 met Unknown
sp1 mfn2 Activation
sp1 mgarp Activation
sp1 mgp Activation
sp1 mgst1 Unknown
sp1 mif Activation
sp1 riox2 Unknown
sp1 mmp2 Unknown
sp1 mmp28 Unknown
sp1 mmp9 Activation
sp1 me1 Unknown
sp1 mrc1 Repression
sp1 mta2 Unknown
sp1 muc5ac Unknown
sp1 myb Activation
sp1 myb Unknown
sp1 myc Repression
sp1 myh11 Activation
sp1 nkx2_1 Unknown
sp1 nanog Activation
sp1 nanog Repression
sp1 napepld Unknown
sp1 nat2 Unknown
sp1 ndrg1 Unknown
sp1 nes Unknown
sp1 nf1 Unknown
sp1 nfatc1 Unknown
sp1 ngb Unknown
sp1 ngfr Repression
sp1 nos3 Activation
sp1 nos3 Unknown
sp1 notch1 Unknown
sp1 npr1 Activation
sp1 nr1h2 Unknown
sp1 nr1h3 Unknown
sp1 nr5a1 Unknown
sp1 nrgn Activation
sp1 nrp1 Activation
sp1 oprd1 Activation
sp1 oprk1 Unknown
sp1 oprm1 Activation
sp1 oprm1 Unknown
sp1 parg Unknown
sp1 parp1 Activation
sp1 pcyt1a Activation
sp1 pcyt1a Repression
sp1 pcyt1a Unknown
sp1 pde6a Unknown
sp1 pde6b Repression
sp1 pemt Repression
sp1 pgr Unknown
sp1 phgdh Unknown
sp1 pkd1 Unknown
sp1 pla2g16 Unknown
sp1 plaur Unknown
sp1 pld2 Repression
sp1 pou5f1 Unknown
sp1 ppm1a Unknown
sp1 prdx6 Unknown
sp1 prkar2b Unknown
sp1 prkra Activation
sp1 proc Activation
sp1 ptdss1 Activation
sp1 ptges2 Unknown
sp1 ptgs1 Activation
sp1 ptgs2 Activation
sp1 nectin2 Unknown
sp1 rac2 Activation
sp1 rac2 Repression
sp1 ren1 Activation
sp1 rest Activation
sp1 rho Activation
sp1 rhox5 Activation
sp1 rnf141 Unknown
sp1 rnls Unknown
sp1 runx2 Activation
sp1 scarb1 Unknown
sp1 sct Activation
sp1 sell Activation
sp1 serpine1 Unknown
sp1 setdb1 Activation
sp1 sftpb Unknown
sp1 sh3gl1 Unknown
sp1 sirt1 Activation
sp1 sirt1 Unknown
sp1 skil Unknown
sp1 slc11a1 Unknown
sp1 slc25a4 Unknown
sp1 slc2a1 Activation
sp1 slc2a3 Repression
sp1 slc2a4 Unknown
sp1 slc3a2 Unknown
sp1 slc5a1 Repression
sp1 slc5a1 Unknown
sp1 slc5a2 Unknown
sp1 slc7a5 Unknown
sp1 slc9a2 Activation
sp1 smad7 Unknown
sp1 smarcc1 Unknown
sp1 socs3 Unknown
sp1 sod2 Unknown
sp1 sod3 Activation
sp1 sp1 Unknown
sp1 sp4 Repression
sp1 sparc Unknown
sp1 src Activation
sp1 srebf1 Activation
sp1 srebf1 Unknown
sp1 st8sia1 Unknown
sp1 star Unknown
sp1 sult1a1 Unknown
sp1 syn2 Unknown
sp1 tal1 Unknown
sp1 tec Activation
sp1 tec Unknown
sp1 tert Activation
sp1 tert Unknown
sp1 tesc Activation
sp1 tfap2c Unknown
sp1 tgfbr2 Unknown
sp1 tgm1 Activation
sp1 thra Repression
sp1 timp3 Unknown
sp1 tlr2 Unknown
sp1 tnf Unknown
sp1 tnfaip3 Unknown
sp1 tnfsf11 Activation
sp1 tnk1 Unknown
sp1 tpt1 Activation
sp1 tpt1 Unknown
sp1 trf Unknown
sp1 tspo Unknown
sp1 txlng Activation
sp1 tyms Unknown
sp1 ucp2 Unknown
sp1 ucp3 Activation
sp1 vegfa Activation
sp1 vegfa Repression
sp1 vegfa Unknown
sp1 wnt9a Unknown
sp1 zbtb14 Activation
sp1 ngfr Activation
sp2 alox8 Unknown
sp2 b4galnt1 Activation
sp2 col2a1 Unknown
sp2 dhfr Unknown
sp2 ets1 Unknown
sp2 id3 Unknown
sp2 mgp Unknown
sp2 pcyt1a Repression
sp2 ucp2 Unknown
sp3 acaca Activation
sp3 acsbg1 Activation
sp3 acta2 Activation
sp3 adcy4 Unknown
sp3 ahr Activation
sp3 alox8 Unknown
sp3 ang2 Activation
sp3 angpt2 Activation
sp3 angpt2 Repression
sp3 bmp2 Unknown
sp3 bsg Activation
sp3 cdh5 Activation
sp3 cdk5r1 Unknown
sp3 cdk5r2 Unknown
sp3 cdkn1a Activation
sp3 cdkn1a Unknown
sp3 cebpa Activation
sp3 ces2c Unknown
sp3 col2a1 Repression
sp3 csf1 Activation
sp3 dck Unknown
sp3 dmd Activation
sp3 dnm1 Unknown
sp3 dnmt1 Activation
sp3 epas1 Unknown
sp3 fbln1 Unknown
sp3 gabra6 Unknown
sp3 ghr Activation
sp3 ghr Unknown
sp3 gpc4 Activation
sp3 hgf Activation
sp3 hmga2 Activation
sp3 hmga2 Unknown
sp3 hrasls5 Activation
sp3 ifitm5 Activation
sp3 il10 Activation
sp3 il10 Unknown
sp3 il6 Unknown
sp3 itga6 Activation
sp3 kcnn3 Repression
sp3 lama1 Activation
sp3 lipe Activation
sp3 lmna Unknown
sp3 lpl Unknown
sp3 mapk1 Unknown
sp3 mertk Unknown
sp3 met Repression
sp3 met Unknown
sp3 mgp Repression
sp3 riox2 Unknown
sp3 muc5ac Unknown
sp3 nanog Activation
sp3 nanog Repression
sp3 nes Unknown
sp3 nos3 Unknown
sp3 nrgn Activation
sp3 oas1g Unknown
sp3 oprd1 Repression
sp3 oprm1 Activation
sp3 oprm1 Repression
sp3 oprm1 Unknown
sp3 pcyt1a Activation
sp3 pde6b Repression
sp3 pgr Unknown
sp3 pla2g16 Unknown
sp3 prkra Activation
sp3 proc Activation
sp3 ptdss1 Activation
sp3 ptgs2 Activation
sp3 rac2 Activation
sp3 ren1 Activation
sp3 rest Unknown
sp3 rho Unknown
sp3 sdc1 Unknown
sp3 setdb1 Activation
sp3 slc2a3 Repression
sp3 slc9a2 Repression
sp3 socs3 Unknown
sp3 sod3 Activation
sp3 sp1 Repression
sp3 sp1 Unknown
sp3 star Unknown
sp3 tal1 Unknown
sp3 tert Activation
sp3 tert Unknown
sp3 tesc Activation
sp3 tfap2c Unknown
sp3 tnk1 Unknown
sp3 tspo Unknown
sp3 txlng Repression
sp3 ucp2 Unknown
sp3 ucp3 Activation
sp3 vegfa Activation
sp3 vegfa Unknown
sp3 zfp143 Activation
sp4 cdk5r1 Unknown
sp4 gria1 Unknown
sp4 nrgn Activation
sp4 pde6b Unknown
sp4 ptdss1 Unknown
sp4 rho Activation
sp4 slc9a2 Repression
sp4 vegfa Unknown
sp5 cdkn1a Repression
sp7 bglap Unknown
sp7 bglap2 Activation
sp7 bglap2 Unknown
sp7 col5a1 Activation
sp7 col5a3 Activation
sp7 ctnnb1 Unknown
sp7 dkk1 Activation
sp7 dmp1 Unknown
sp7 dspp Activation
sp7 dspp Unknown
sp7 gja3 Activation
sp7 ibsp Unknown
sp7 ifitm5 Activation
sp7 mir93 Repression
sp7 sp7 Activation
sp7 satb2 Activation
sp7 sost Activation
sp7 sost Repression
sp7 spp1 Unknown
sp7 vegfa Unknown
sp8 fgf10 Unknown
sp8 fgf8 Activation
sp8 fgf8 Unknown
sp8 nr2f1 Repression
sp9 fgf8 Unknown
spdef birc5 Repression
spdef cdkn1a Unknown
spdef foxj1 Activation
spdef scgb1a1 Activation
spdef sftpc Activation
spdef sox17 Activation
spen col2a1 Repression
spi1 acp5 Unknown
spi1 aif1 Activation
spi1 bcl2l11 Repression
spi1 ccl5 Activation
spi1 cd1d1 Unknown
spi1 csf1r Activation
spi1 csf1r Unknown
spi1 dcstamp Unknown
spi1 elane Unknown
spi1 elf1 Unknown
spi1 fcer1g Activation
spi1 fes Activation
spi1 flt3 Activation
spi1 h2_ab1 Repression
spi1 igh Activation
spi1 ighm Activation
spi1 igl Activation
spi1 il1b Activation
spi1 il7r Unknown
spi1 il9 Activation
spi1 irf8 Activation
spi1 itga2b Activation
spi1 itgb3 Unknown
spi1 med1 Activation
spi1 mef2c Unknown
spi1 mmp13 Repression
spi1 mrc1 Repression
spi1 ncf1 Activation
spi1 ncf4 Activation
spi1 nfkb1 Unknown
spi1 oprm1 Repression
spi1 pirb Activation
spi1 ptgds Activation
spi1 ptgds Unknown
spi1 ptprc Activation
spi1 ptpro Unknown
spi1 scn8a Activation
spi1 tal1 Unknown
spi1 tal2 Unknown
spi1 tec Unknown
spi1 tlr4 Activation
spi1 tnf Activation
spib blnk Unknown
spib fcer2a Activation
spib igl Activation
spib nfkb1 Activation
spib p2ry10 Unknown
spic cd5l Unknown
spic fcer2a Activation
spic fcgr2b Unknown
spic mmp12 Unknown
spic nfkb1 Activation
srebf1 abca3 Activation
srebf1 abcd2 Activation
srebf1 acaca Activation
srebf1 acss2 Activation
srebf1 adipoq Activation
srebf1 ankrd2 Activation
srebf1 cd5l Activation
srebf1 cdkn1a Activation
srebf1 cidea Activation
srebf1 clu Activation
srebf1 cyp8b1 Activation
srebf1 elovl3 Activation
srebf1 elovl5 Unknown
srebf1 fabp6 Unknown
srebf1 fas Activation
srebf1 fas Unknown
srebf1 fasn Activation
srebf1 fasn Unknown
srebf1 fbxw7 Repression
srebf1 gck Unknown
srebf1 gpam Activation
srebf1 gpam Unknown
srebf1 hmgcr Unknown
srebf1 hmox1 Unknown
srebf1 il17a Repression
srebf1 kcnj3 Repression
srebf1 lep Activation
srebf1 lipe Activation
srebf1 mstn Unknown
srebf1 nlrp1a Activation
srebf1 npc1 Activation
srebf1 nr0b2 Activation
srebf1 pla2g6 Activation
srebf1 ppargc1a Activation
srebf1 ptgds Unknown
srebf1 retn Activation
srebf1 scd1 Unknown
srebf1 slc2a4 Activation
srebf1 thrsp Activation
srebf2 acss2 Activation
srebf2 cdkn1a Activation
srebf2 cyp3a11 Repression
srebf2 fabp6 Unknown
srebf2 hmgcr Unknown
srebf2 hmgcs1 Unknown
srebf2 hmox1 Unknown
srebf2 hnf4a Repression
srebf2 mvk Activation
srebf2 npc1 Activation
srebf2 pcsk9 Activation
srebf2 srd5a2 Unknown
srf acta2 Unknown
srf actg2 Unknown
srf aqp2 Unknown
srf barx2 Unknown
srf ckm Activation
srf ctgf Activation
srf egr1 Repression
srf egr1 Unknown
srf fos Unknown
srf hmgxb4 Unknown
srf kcnmb1 Activation
srf klf3 Unknown
srf mmp14 Activation
srf mmp2 Activation
srf myh11 Activation
srf mylk Activation
srf myod1 Activation
srf nppa Activation
srf tagln Activation
srf tgfb1i1 Activation
srrt sox2 Activation
sry sox9 Activation
sry sox9 Repression
sry wt1 Unknown
ssb lamb1 Activation
stat1 app Unknown
stat1 bace1 Unknown
stat1 cd36 Activation
stat1 cd40 Unknown
stat1 cebpd Activation
stat1 cfb Activation
stat1 ciita Activation
stat1 cxcl10 Activation
stat1 cxcl10 Repression
stat1 cxcl10 Unknown
stat1 cxcl9 Unknown
stat1 duox2 Unknown
stat1 egr1 Unknown
stat1 fcgr1 Activation
stat1 fcgr1 Unknown
stat1 gbp2 Activation
stat1 gfi1 Activation
stat1 ifnb1 Activation
stat1 ifng Unknown
stat1 il27 Unknown
stat1 il6 Repression
stat1 irf1 Activation
stat1 irf7 Activation
stat1 irf9 Unknown
stat1 mdm2 Repression
stat1 mt1 Activation
stat1 nos2 Activation
stat1 nos2 Unknown
stat1 pdcd1 Activation
stat1 pou3f1 Unknown
stat1 pparg Unknown
stat1 rc3h1 Activation
stat1 runx2 Unknown
stat1 socs1 Activation
stat1 socs3 Activation
stat1 tbx21 Activation
stat1 tbx21 Unknown
stat1 trp53 Activation
stat1 upp1 Activation
stat2 irf7 Activation
stat2 pdcd1 Activation
stat2 trp53 Unknown
stat3 akt1 Activation
stat3 bace1 Unknown
stat3 batf Activation
stat3 batf Unknown
stat3 bcl2 Repression
stat3 bcl2 Unknown
stat3 bcl2l1 Repression
stat3 cav1 Activation
stat3 cav1 Repression
stat3 ccl20 Unknown
stat3 ccnd1 Unknown
stat3 ccnd2 Unknown
stat3 ccnd3 Unknown
stat3 cdkn1b Unknown
stat3 cdkn2d Activation
stat3 cebpd Activation
stat3 cebpd Unknown
stat3 col1a1 Activation
stat3 cxcl11 Activation
stat3 s1pr1 Activation
stat3 eed Unknown
stat3 egr1 Activation
stat3 entpd1 Activation
stat3 epor Unknown
stat3 fos Activation
stat3 fos Unknown
stat3 gfap Activation
stat3 gfap Unknown
stat3 gfi1 Repression
stat3 hamp Unknown
stat3 hgf Activation
stat3 hgf Unknown
stat3 hif1a Activation
stat3 igfbp5 Activation
stat3 il10 Unknown
stat3 il12a Repression
stat3 il17f Unknown
stat3 il21 Unknown
stat3 il23a Activation
stat3 il6 Activation
stat3 jak3 Activation
stat3 klf4 Activation
stat3 lif Activation
stat3 ly6a Unknown
stat3 maf Activation
stat3 mdc1 Unknown
stat3 mir21a Activation
stat3 mmp1a Unknown
stat3 mmp2 Activation
stat3 mmp9 Activation
stat3 mmp9 Repression
stat3 mt1 Activation
stat3 muc1 Unknown
stat3 myc Repression
stat3 myc Unknown
stat3 nhlh2 Activation
stat3 nkx2_5 Unknown
stat3 nos2 Activation
stat3 nostrin Repression
stat3 nr0b1 Unknown
stat3 nt5e Activation
stat3 pcsk1 Unknown
stat3 phb Unknown
stat3 pik3r1 Unknown
stat3 pkd1 Unknown
stat3 pnp Unknown
stat3 prdm1 Activation
stat3 pten Activation
stat3 rc3h1 Activation
stat3 reg3g Unknown
stat3 rela Repression
stat3 rnls Unknown
stat3 slc9a3 Unknown
stat3 socs3 Activation
stat3 socs3 Unknown
stat3 sox6 Activation
stat3 spi1 Activation
stat3 spi1 Unknown
stat3 srebf1 Repression
stat3 stat3 Activation
stat3 tcf4 Activation
stat3 tgfb1 Activation
stat3 tnf Unknown
stat3 trh Activation
stat3 trp53 Repression
stat3 twist1 Activation
stat3 twist2 Activation
stat3 vegfa Activation
stat3 vip Activation
stat3 wnt3a Unknown
stat3 il10 Unknown
stat4 ifng Activation
stat4 ifng Unknown
stat4 il18r1 Unknown
stat4 irf4 Unknown
stat4 nos2 Activation
stat4 prdx3 Unknown
stat4 tbx21 Activation
stat4 ifngas1 Activation
stat5a ar Unknown
stat5a bcl2l1 Activation
stat5a bcl2l1 Unknown
stat5a cdkn2b Activation
stat5a clnk Activation
stat5a csf2 Unknown
stat5a csf3 Repression
stat5a csn1s1 Unknown
stat5a csn2 Activation
stat5a csn2 Repression
stat5a csn2 Unknown
stat5a dpagt1 Activation
stat5a dpf3 Unknown
stat5a epor Unknown
stat5a fam89b Activation
stat5a grb10 Unknown
stat5a il10 Activation
stat5a il2ra Activation
stat5a il9 Activation
stat5a il9 Unknown
stat5a mir21a Unknown
stat5a nr3c1 Repression
stat5a pck1 Unknown
stat5a pdk4 Unknown
stat5a prf1 Unknown
stat5a psap Unknown
stat5a sftpb Activation
stat5a socs2 Unknown
stat5a socs3 Unknown
stat5b ar Unknown
stat5b ccnd2 Unknown
stat5b csn2 Activation
stat5b dpf3 Unknown
stat5b slc10a1 Activation
stat6 bcl2l1 Activation
stat6 csn2 Unknown
stat6 egr1 Unknown
stat6 fcer2a Activation
stat6 foxp3 Unknown
stat6 gata3 Activation
stat6 gfi1 Activation
stat6 hand2 Activation
stat6 il24 Unknown
stat6 il4 Activation
stat6 il4 Unknown
stat6 il9 Unknown
stat6 itgb3 Activation
stat6 ncoa3 Activation
stat6 tfec Unknown
stat6 tnf Unknown
stat6 zfp157 Unknown
sufu gli2 Activation
sufu gli2 Repression
sufu gli3 Repression
suz12 bcl2l11 Unknown
suz12 cdh1 Unknown
suz12 dkk1 Unknown
suz12 mir200b Repression
syt1 cdh5 Unknown
syt1 myc Unknown
taf12 cyp24a1 Unknown
taf4b zbtb16 Unknown
taf4b ret Unknown
taf4b stra8 Unknown
taf9 trp53 Activation
tal1 ccnd1 Activation
tal1 epb42 Repression
tal1 epb42 Unknown
tal1 epb42 Activation
tal1 erg Activation
tal1 kit Unknown
tal1 myog Repression
tal1 pdzk1ip1 Activation
tal1 runx1 Activation
tal1 smad6 Activation
tal1 tcf3 Repression
tal1 tfdp2 Activation
tardbp add2 Unknown
tardbp ran Unknown
tax1bp3 myod1 Repression
tbp csrp3 Unknown
tbp fgf23 Unknown
tbp fos Activation
tbp nf1 Repression
tbp ntrk1 Repression
tbp polr2f Unknown
tbp prg2 Activation
tbpl1 nf1 Activation
tbpl1 prm1 Unknown
tbpl1 prm2 Unknown
tbpl1 tnp1 Unknown
tbr1 auts2 Unknown
tbx1 c1qbp Repression
tbx1 fgf10 Unknown
tbx1 fgf8 Activation
tbx1 flt4 Activation
tbx1 mef2c Repression
tbx1 pitx2 Activation
tbx1 pitx2 Repression
tbx1 ripply3 Repression
tbx1 ywhae Repression
tbx18 snai2 Unknown
tbx19 pomc Activation
tbx2 cdkn1a Repression
tbx2 cdkn1b Repression
tbx2 cdkn2a Repression
tbx2 gja1 Repression
tbx2 gja3 Unknown
tbx2 grem1 Repression
tbx2 mycn Repression
tbx2 nppa Repression
tbx2 tyrp1 Repression
tbx20 mef2c Activation
tbx20 nkx2_5 Activation
tbx20 nppa Repression
tbx20 tbx2 Repression
tbx21 gata3 Unknown
tbx21 hand2 Activation
tbx21 ifng Activation
tbx21 ifng Unknown
tbx21 il21 Repression
tbx21 il23r Unknown
tbx21 il4 Activation
tbx21 il7 Activation
tbx21 s1pr5 Activation
tbx21 spp1 Activation
tbx21 ifngas1 Activation
tbx3 bglap Repression
tbx3 cdkn1a Repression
tbx3 gja1 Repression
tbx3 gja5 Repression
tbx3 hnf1b Repression
tbx3 ibsp Repression
tbx3 nppa Repression
tbx3 onecut1 Repression
tbx3 runx2 Repression
tbx3 sp7 Repression
tbx4 shox2 Unknown
tbx5 atp2a2 Activation
tbx5 fgf10 Activation
tbx5 id2 Unknown
tbx5 ifi204 Activation
tbx5 nppa Activation
tbx6 dll1 Unknown
tbx6 hes7 Activation
tbx6 mesp2 Activation
tbx6 mesp2 Unknown
tbx6 myf5 Activation
tcf12 acta2 Activation
tcf12 cldn4 Unknown
tcf12 id2 Unknown
tcf12 myog Activation
tcf12 ptcra Activation
tcf12 ptcra Unknown
tcf12 smarcc1 Unknown
tcf12 tcra Activation
tcf19 ccne1 Repression
tcf20 mmp3 Unknown
tcf21 akr1b8 Repression
tcf21 ar Unknown
tcf21 cdkn1a Repression
tcf21 nr5a1 Repression
tcf21 rhox5 Unknown
tcf21 sf1 Repression
tcf3 acta2 Activation
tcf3 adipoq Activation
tcf3 aicda Repression
tcf3 atxn3 Unknown
tcf3 ccl21a Activation
tcf3 ccl21b Activation
tcf3 ccl21c Activation
tcf3 ccnd3 Activation
tcf3 cd19 Activation
tcf3 cd5 Repression
tcf3 cd7 Unknown
tcf3 cd79a Activation
tcf3 cd79a Unknown
tcf3 cdh1 Repression
tcf3 cdh1 Unknown
tcf3 cdkn1a Activation
tcf3 ckm Activation
tcf3 cldn4 Unknown
tcf3 col2a1 Activation
tcf3 ebf1 Unknown
tcf3 epb42 Activation
tcf3 esrrb Repression
tcf3 foxo1 Activation
tcf3 foxp3 Unknown
tcf3 id1 Activation
tcf3 igk Activation
tcf3 igk Unknown
tcf3 igll1 Unknown
tcf3 insm1 Activation
tcf3 kit Unknown
tcf3 lef1 Repression
tcf3 mir302a Repression
tcf3 myl2 Repression
tcf3 nanog Repression
tcf3 neurog1 Repression
tcf3 notch1 Unknown
tcf3 nr0b2 Unknown
tcf3 nr5a2 Repression
tcf3 pax5 Unknown
tcf3 ptcra Activation
tcf3 smarcc1 Unknown
tcf3 tcl1 Repression
tcf3 tcra Activation
tcf3 tpt1 Activation
tcf3 ube2i Unknown
tcf3 ung Repression
tcf3 vcam1 Unknown
tcf4 notum Activation
tcf4 acta2 Activation
tcf4 cd44 Activation
tcf4 cdh1 Repression
tcf4 cdx2 Activation
tcf4 cops5 Activation
tcf4 edn1 Activation
tcf4 fgf18 Unknown
tcf4 fn1 Activation
tcf4 hmga1 Unknown
tcf4 id2 Unknown
tcf4 id3 Activation
tcf4 mitf Repression
tcf4 myc Unknown
tcf4 plaur Activation
tcf4 ptgs2 Activation
tcf4 smc3 Unknown
tcf4 sstr2 Activation
tcf4 sstr2 Repression
tcf4 hnf1a Unknown
tcf7 bcl2l1 Activation
tcf7 cd4 Activation
tcf7 cd4 Repression
tcf7 runx2 Activation
tcf7l2 cd44 Activation
tcf7l2 cdx1 Activation
tcf7l2 myod1 Activation
tcfl5 tcfl5 Unknown
tead2 fgfr4 Unknown
tead2 pax3 Activation
tead2 trp53 Unknown
tead4 acta2 Unknown
tead4 fgfr4 Activation
tead4 ppp1r16a Activation
tead4 vegfb Activation
tef bik Activation
tfap2a apoe Unknown
tfap2a cebpa Repression
tfap2a dmd Unknown
tfap2a hoxa7 Activation
tfap2a hoxa9 Activation
tfap2a itpr1 Activation
tfap2a kctd13 Unknown
tfap2a lhcgr Unknown
tfap2a meis1 Activation
tfap2a vegfa Repression
tfap2b adipoq Repression
tfap2c cdk6 Repression
tfap2c cdkn1a Repression
tfap2c dmrt1 Repression
tfap2c dnmt3b Repression
tfap2c dnmt3l Repression
tfap2c fgf4 Repression
tfap2c hsd3b6 Unknown
tfap2c kit Repression
tfap2c klf4 Unknown
tfap2c nanos3 Repression
tfap2c sfrp1 Repression
tfap2d bhlhe23 Activation
tfap2d pou4f3 Activation
tfcp2 tyms Unknown
tfdp1 ccnd1 Repression
tfdp1 cdkn1a Activation
tfdp1 mybl2 Activation
tfdp1 tcf3 Unknown
tfdp1 trp53 Repression
tfe3 ppargc1a Unknown
tfe3 txnip Repression
tgfb1 col1a2 Activation
tgfb1 foxp3 Activation
tgfb1 klf6 Activation
tgfb1 mycn Unknown
tgfb1 tbx21 Repression
tgfb1i1 ar Unknown
tgfb1i1 ccl2 Repression
tgfb1i1 rgcc Unknown
tgfb1i1 tgfb1 Activation
tgfb1i1 tpt1 Activation
thra abcd2 Activation
thra jag1 Unknown
thrap3 cebpa Activation
thrap3 fabp4 Activation
thrap3 pparg Activation
thrb abcd2 Activation
thrb abcd2 Repression
thrb ccnd1 Repression
thrb mlxipl Activation
thrb tshb Repression
tial1 thy1 Unknown
tle2 arx Unknown
tle2 hes1 Unknown
tle2 nkx2_2 Unknown
tle2 nkx6_1 Unknown
tle3 nanog Unknown
tle3 nkx2_2 Unknown
tlr4 csf3 Activation
tlx3 pou4f1 Unknown
tlx3 prrxl1 Activation
tlx3 ret Activation
tnf casp3 Activation
tnf mmp9 Activation
tnfaip3 bax Activation
tnfaip3 ppara Activation
tob1 ccnd1 Unknown
trim13 apoa1 Repression
trim13 ppig Unknown
trim24 stat1 Repression
trim28 hbb_y Repression
trim28 myc Unknown
trim28 sox9 Unknown
trim28 zfx Unknown
trim32 ccl20 Activation
trp53 abcb1b Unknown
trp53 abcc1 Unknown
trp53 afp Repression
trp53 agt Activation
trp53 agtr1a Activation
trp53 amelx Activation
trp53 ankrd1 Unknown
trp53 apaf1 Activation
trp53 apaf1 Unknown
trp53 atf3 Activation
trp53 axl Unknown
trp53 adgrb1 Unknown
trp53 bak1 Activation
trp53 bax Activation
trp53 bax Unknown
trp53 bbc3 Activation
trp53 bbc3 Unknown
trp53 bcl2 Activation
trp53 bcl2 Repression
trp53 bcl2 Unknown
trp53 birc5 Unknown
trp53 btg2 Activation
trp53 casp3 Unknown
trp53 casp6 Activation
trp53 casp7 Activation
trp53 casp8 Unknown
trp53 ccna2 Unknown
trp53 ccnb1 Repression
trp53 ccnb2 Unknown
trp53 cdc2b Unknown
trp53 cdk2 Repression
trp53 cdk5 Activation
trp53 cdkn1a Activation
trp53 cdkn1a Repression
trp53 cdkn1a Unknown
trp53 cdkn1b Unknown
trp53 cdkn1c Unknown
trp53 cdkn2c Unknown
trp53 chek1 Repression
trp53 ckap2 Activation
trp53 ckm Activation
trp53 cks1b Unknown
trp53 col2a1 Activation
trp53 cxcr2 Activation
trp53 d7ertd443e Activation
trp53 ddit4 Activation
trp53 ddit4 Unknown
trp53 dusp1 Unknown
trp53 dusp2 Activation
trp53 dusp4 Activation
trp53 dyrk1a Activation
trp53 e2f1 Repression
trp53 e4f1 Unknown
trp53 edil3 Activation
trp53 egr1 Unknown
trp53 ei24 Unknown
trp53 elf4 Repression
trp53 epcam Unknown
trp53 uhrf1bp1 Activation
trp53 fas Activation
trp53 fas Unknown
trp53 fos Repression
trp53 fos Unknown
trp53 foxm1 Repression
trp53 foxo3 Activation
trp53 foxp3 Activation
trp53 fpr1 Unknown
trp53 gabre Repression
trp53 gadd45a Activation
trp53 gadd45a Unknown
trp53 gap43 Unknown
trp53 gdf15 Activation
trp53 glipr1 Unknown
trp53 gsk3b Activation
trp53 gtse1 Activation
trp53 hdgf Activation
trp53 hgf Activation
trp53 hipk2 Activation
trp53 hmox1 Activation
trp53 hmox1 Unknown
trp53 hras Activation
trp53 hras Unknown
trp53 hspa1b Activation
trp53 id2 Unknown
trp53 ifi202b Repression
trp53 igf1r Unknown
trp53 ins2 Unknown
trp53 insr Repression
trp53 klf2 Repression
trp53 krt19 Activation
trp53 lif Unknown
trp53 ltf Repression
trp53 mxi1 Repression
trp53 map4 Unknown
trp53 mapk1 Activation
trp53 mcm7 Repression
trp53 mcts1 Repression
trp53 mdm2 Activation
trp53 mdm2 Repression
trp53 mdm2 Unknown
trp53 met Activation
trp53 met Repression
trp53 mgmt Repression
trp53 mir34a Unknown
trp53 mmp2 Unknown
trp53 mt1 Unknown
trp53 myc Unknown
trp53 myod1 Unknown
trp53 myog Repression
trp53 nanog Repression
trp53 ndrg1 Activation
trp53 neurod2 Unknown
trp53 nfkb1 Unknown
trp53 nkx2_5 Unknown
trp53 nkx3_1 Unknown
trp53 notch1 Activation
trp53 notch1 Repression
trp53 notch1 Unknown
trp53 nr0b2 Activation
trp53 nr3c1 Unknown
trp53 nupr1 Repression
trp53 olfr17 Unknown
trp53 pappa Activation
trp53 pappa Repression
trp53 pax2 Unknown
trp53 pcbp2 Unknown
trp53 pcna Repression
trp53 pdgfrb Unknown
trp53 per2 Activation
trp53 per2 Repression
trp53 perp Activation
trp53 pias3 Repression
trp53 pkd1 Repression
trp53 pla2g16 Unknown
trp53 plk3 Activation
trp53 pmaip1 Unknown
trp53 pml Activation
trp53 pmp2 Unknown
trp53 polk Repression
trp53 prnp Activation
trp53 prox1 Unknown
trp53 psen1 Repression
trp53 psme3 Unknown
trp53 psrc1 Unknown
trp53 pten Unknown
trp53 ptgds Repression
trp53 ptgs2 Repression
trp53 ptk2 Repression
trp53 ptprv Unknown
trp53 rap2b Activation
trp53 rchy1 Unknown
trp53 reep5 Repression
trp53 rela Unknown
trp53 rps6ka1 Activation
trp53 rrm2b Unknown
trp53 runx1 Repression
trp53 sall2 Unknown
trp53 serpinb5 Activation
trp53 serpine1 Unknown
trp53 sesn1 Activation
trp53 siah1b Activation
trp53 siah1b Unknown
trp53 sin3a Activation
trp53 siva1 Activation
trp53 slc19a2 Unknown
trp53 slc2a4 Unknown
trp53 slc6a6 Repression
trp53 smad3 Unknown
trp53 smurf1 Unknown
trp53 sod2 Activation
trp53 src Activation
trp53 srebf1 Repression
trp53 steap3 Unknown
trp53 tcf4 Activation
trp53 tcf7l2 Repression
trp53 tert Repression
trp53 tff2 Repression
trp53 thbs1 Activation
trp53 thbs1 Repression
trp53 tnfrsf10b Activation
trp53 tpt1 Activation
trp53 tpt1 Unknown
trp53 trp53 Activation
trp53 trp53 Unknown
trp53 trp53inp1 Activation
trp53 trp73 Activation
trp53 trp73 Unknown
trp53 tyms Repression
trp53 uhrf1 Repression
trp53 upp1 Activation
trp53 upp1 Repression
trp53 zfp385a Unknown
trp53 klf4 Activation
trp53bp1 atm Repression
trp53bp1 brca1 Activation
trp53bp1 chek2 Activation
trp53bp1 hc1 Activation
trp63 cdkn1a Unknown
trp63 evpl Unknown
trp63 irf6 Activation
trp63 krt14 Unknown
trp63 ptk2 Repression
trp63 nectin1 Activation
trp63 satb1 Activation
trp63 smarca4 Unknown
trp63 smarcd3 Unknown
trp63 vegfa Unknown
trp73 bax Activation
trp73 bbc3 Activation
trp73 casp8ap2 Unknown
trp73 cdkn1a Activation
trp73 cdkn1c Unknown
trp73 e2f1 Unknown
trp73 foxo3 Activation
trp73 gls2 Unknown
trp73 hey2 Unknown
trp73 itch Unknown
trp73 mdm2 Unknown
trp73 ngfr Activation
trp73 nr3c1 Unknown
trp73 pten Activation
trp73 pdgfrb Unknown
trp73 pmaip1 Activation
trp73 psrc1 Activation
trp73 tpt1 Unknown
trp73 trp53 Repression
trps1 bglap Unknown
trps1 dspp Repression
trps1 runx1 Repression
trps1 runx2 Repression
trps1 stat3 Repression
trrap mitf Repression
tsg101 mdm2 Activation
tshz3 myog Unknown
ttf1 sftpc Activation
ttf2 tg Unknown
ttf2 tpo Unknown
twist1 abcg2 Unknown
twist1 alx3 Activation
twist1 brd4 Unknown
twist1 cdh1 Repression
twist1 cdkn1a Repression
twist1 ckm Repression
twist1 ckm Unknown
twist1 col2a1 Unknown
twist1 dkk1 Unknown
twist1 esr1 Repression
twist1 fgf10 Activation
twist1 fgf2 Unknown
twist1 fgfr2 Activation
twist1 hoxa9 Activation
twist1 il12rb2 Activation
twist1 il6ra Repression
twist1 mme Activation
twist1 pdgfra Activation
twist1 postn Activation
twist1 runx3 Activation
twist1 shh Unknown
twist1 sox10 Unknown
twist1 sox9 Repression
twist1 tbx20 Activation
twist1 tbx21 Activation
twist1 tek Unknown
twist1 tek Activation
twist1 tnf Repression
twist1 trp53 Repression
twist1 trp53 Unknown
twist1 zeb1 Unknown
twist1 zyx Activation
twist2 add1 Repression
twist2 cdkn1a Repression
twist2 ckm Repression
twist2 ckm Unknown
twist2 dkk1 Unknown
twist2 msx1 Unknown
twist2 srebf1 Repression
ube2k nfe2l2 Unknown
usf1 alx3 Unknown
usf1 apoa5 Activation
usf1 bdnf Activation
usf1 ces2c Unknown
usf1 ciita Activation
usf1 col1a1 Activation
usf1 pf4 Activation
usf1 cyp1a1 Repression
usf1 fasn Activation
usf1 fmr1 Activation
usf1 fmr1 Unknown
usf1 fshr Activation
usf1 fshr Unknown
usf1 gata5 Activation
usf1 lipe Activation
usf1 mt1 Activation
usf1 mt1 Unknown
usf1 pdx1 Activation
usf1 pigr Activation
usf1 prnd Unknown
usf1 ren1 Activation
usf1 spp1 Activation
usf1 tnfaip3 Activation
usf2 alx3 Unknown
usf2 apoa5 Unknown
usf2 bdnf Activation
usf2 col1a1 Activation
usf2 pf4 Activation
usf2 fasn Activation
usf2 fmr1 Activation
usf2 fmr1 Unknown
usf2 fshr Activation
usf2 fshr Unknown
usf2 hmox1 Activation
usf2 lipe Activation
usf2 mt1 Unknown
usf2 pigr Activation
usf2 ren1 Activation
usf2 spp1 Activation
utf1 tcf3 Unknown
vax2 pax6 Repression
vdr ctnnb1 Repression
vdr cyp3a41a Unknown
vdr igfbp3 Activation
vdr lrp5 Unknown
vdr nphs1 Activation
vdr runx2 Unknown
vdr spp1 Unknown
vdr tnfsf11 Unknown
vezf1 edn1 Activation
vezf1 edn1 Unknown
vezf1 morf4l1 Unknown
vezf1 mrgbp Unknown
vezf1 stmn1 Activation
vhl epo Unknown
vhl hif1a Repression
vhl tfam Unknown
vsx2 mitf Repression
vsx2 nes Activation
vsx2 vsx1 Unknown
whsc1l1 cyp17a1 Repression
wnt1 ccnd1 Activation
wnt1 ccnd3 Activation
wnt1 cdkn1b Repression
wnt1 coro1a Repression
wnt5a ptx3 Activation
wnt5a ret Activation
wt1 adamts16 Activation
wt1 amh Activation
wt1 amhr2 Unknown
wt1 coro1b Unknown
wt1 csf1 Repression
wt1 epo Activation
wt1 igf2 Repression
wt1 il10 Activation
wt1 inha Activation
wt1 nphs1 Activation
wt1 nphs1 Repression
wt1 nphs1 Unknown
wt1 nr5a1 Activation
wt1 pax2 Repression
wt1 pou4f2 Unknown
wt1 snai2 Unknown
wt1 stim1 Repression
wt1 vegfa Activation
wt1 wnt4 Unknown
wwp1 trp53 Activation
wwtr1 glis3 Activation
wwtr1 ofd1 Activation
wwtr1 tsc1 Activation
wwtr1 zeb1 Unknown
xbp1 bhlha15 Activation
xbp1 ern1 Repression
xbp1 fasn Activation
xbp1 foxo1 Repression
xbp1 foxo1 Unknown
xbp1 herpud1 Activation
xbp1 irf4 Repression
xbp1 pax5 Repression
xbp1 pou2af1 Unknown
xbp1 prdm1 Repression
xbp1 setd7 Activation
xbp1 stard5 Activation
xbp1 tmbim6 Repression
xbp1 vegfa Unknown
xpc cetn2 Unknown
xrcc5 apaf1 Repression
xrcc5 il2 Unknown
xrcc6 apaf1 Repression
xrcc6 bglap Repression
xrcc6 il2 Unknown
ybx1 abcb1a Repression
ybx1 avp Unknown
ybx1 bmi1 Unknown
ybx1 egfr Unknown
ybx1 mia Unknown
ybx1 nono Unknown
ybx1 slc2a3 Activation
yy1 amelx Activation
yy1 cdh1 Repression
yy1 cdkn2c Activation
yy1 col1a1 Activation
yy1 cpox Unknown
yy1 egf Repression
yy1 fos Repression
yy1 h2_ea_ps Repression
yy1 hspa5 Activation
yy1 id4 Repression
yy1 ifnb1 Activation
yy1 ifnb1 Repression
yy1 lama1 Activation
yy1 msx2 Activation
yy1 nkx2_5 Unknown
yy1 nr3c1 Unknown
yy1 otx2 Activation
yy1 pax2 Activation
yy1 peg3 Activation
yy1 peg3 Unknown
yy1 rb1 Unknown
yy1 rgs16 Repression
yy1 serpine1 Repression
yy1 tcf4 Repression
yy1 tnfrsf4 Unknown
yy1 top3a Activation
yy1 trf Unknown
yy1 trp53 Activation
yy1 zhx1 Activation
zbtb16 cdkn1a Repression
zbtb16 ddit4 Activation
zbtb17 mapk8 Repression
zbtb17 slc11a1 Activation
zbtb2 trp53 Repression
zbtb20 sox9 Repression
zbtb32 ciita Unknown
zbtb33 bcl6 Repression
zbtb33 ctnnb1 Repression
zbtb33 mmp7 Repression
zbtb33 rapsn Activation
zbtb33 wnt11 Repression
zbtb33 zfp131 Repression
zbtb38 myog Repression
zbtb7a bcl2l11 Repression
zbtb7a ccna2 Repression
zbtb7a cdkn2a Repression
zbtb7a comp Unknown
zbtb7a creb3 Repression
zbtb7a nfatc1 Activation
zbtb7a nfatc1 Repression
zeb1 ccng2 Unknown
zeb1 cd4 Unknown
zeb1 cdh1 Repression
zeb1 gata3 Unknown
zeb1 il2 Repression
zeb1 il2 Unknown
zeb1 itga4 Unknown
zeb1 itga7 Unknown
zeb1 mia Repression
zeb1 mitf Activation
zeb1 pkp3 Repression
zeb1 rbl2 Unknown
zeb1 st3gal5 Unknown
zeb1 tgfb1 Repression
zeb1 trp73 Activation
zeb1 trp73 Repression
zeb2 cdh1 Repression
zeb2 cdh1 Unknown
zeb2 ocln Unknown
zfp13 mpv17l Unknown
zfp143 nanog Activation
zfp143 tcp1 Unknown
zfp148 cdkn1a Unknown
zfp148 gata1 Activation
zfp148 rnls Unknown
zfp148 spi1 Repression
zfp148 tal1 Activation
zfp148 tph1 Activation
zfp263 col11a2 Repression
zfp277 cdkn2a Activation
zfp281 nanog Activation
zfp335 rest Unknown
zfp36 il2 Repression
zfp36 nfkb1 Repression
zfp384 nfkb1 Repression
zfp385a cebpa Unknown
zfp385a trp53 Activation
zfp385a trp53 Unknown
zfp410 mmp1a Unknown
zfp42 tsix Activation
zfp423 ebf1 Repression
zfp423 pparg Activation
zfp423 smad1 Unknown
zfp423 smad4 Unknown
zfp488 olig1 Unknown
zfp513 arr3 Unknown
zfp513 pax6 Unknown
zfp513 rbp3 Unknown
zfp513 sp4 Unknown
zfp523 tcp1 Unknown
zfp64 hes1 Activation
zfp64 hey1 Activation
zfpm1 fcer1g Unknown
zfpm1 gata3 Repression
zfpm1 hamp Repression
zfpm1 itga2b Unknown
zfpm1 ms4a2 Unknown
zfpm2 gata4 Repression
zfpm2 lhx9 Repression
zfpm2 sox9 Unknown
zhx3 wt1 Activation
zhx3 zhx1 Unknown
zhx3 zhx2 Unknown
zic1 abhd14a Activation
zic1 atoh1 Repression
zic2 afp Repression
zic2 epha4 Activation
zic2 myf5 Activation
zic2 robo3 Repression
zic2 slc6a4 Unknown
zic3 nanog Activation
zscan10 nanog Activation
zscan10 pou5f1 Activation
zscan10 pou5f1 Unknown
